Battle
Start of battle

    Somebody's gonna get hurt real bad!

    Be careful, everyone!


Star Ocean: Anamnesis
Battle

    An enemy!
    Start of battle

    This won't take long.

    Gimme all you've got!

    Is that all you've got?!

Entering Rush Mode

    I won't go easy on you...

Executing attack

    You're dead!

Mission complete

    Is it over already?

    Whew! We made it!

Fight hard Claude darling! Win this one...!
Battle Quotes
In-Battle

    They seem tough.

Quotes About or Regarding Dias


    That winner, Dias, is strong. There hasn't been anyone like that up to now.

    Rena, I'm not some knight in shining armor. I'm not gonna kill every single monster by myself out there.

Individual

    Leave the rest of the fighting to me. Just relax. Think of it as a pleasure cruise.
    Adray

    I suppose I should get going. I must go scold naughty children who throw tantrums when they do not get their way.

Battle

    EncounterIn-battleBattle skillsAftermath

Hmph. No need to hold back this time.
Let us test your mettle...
*laughter* This shall be fun!
— entering battle Leave now if you value your life!
Out of our way! You're wasting our time!
You do not belong here! Begone, begone!
— entering easy battle A battle would not BE a battle without SOME tension.
A real man craves adversity.
This is wonderful! Your power fires my soul!
— entering hard battle How audacious!
Only a coward refuses to mount a frontal assault.
What a dirty trick!
— ambush
Dialogues

    Adray: There is no mission more important than helping you. And it's not like they need me for that kind of work. Investigating remote lands, really...
    Fayt: They don't need you? But you said the boat turned around and came back?
    Adray: No, I'm the only one who came back.
    Fayt: Only one... How the heck did you do that?
    Adray: I swam. Of course.
    Maria: You...
    Sophia: ...swam?
    Adray: Yes. Took about three days, it did. The tide was going my way, so it took less time than I thought it would.

Individual

    What a happy little world you live in. Dream on, fool. Dream on.
    Albel

    The strong crush the weak. That's the way of the world. If you don't like it, then you must become stronger than your foe. It's as simple as that. Praying to gods only proves your own weakness.
    Albel

    There are only a handful of people in this kingdom that seem useful. The rest are nothing but maggots. They are weak and useless.
    Albel

Dialogues
Battle

    EncounterIn-battleBattle skillsAftermath

A worthy opponent.
I'm in the mood for some good, clean violence.
Looks like a good fight...
— entering battle Normally I don't waste my time on weaklings...
Only death awaits those who stand in my way.
Stay away, fool.
— entering easy battle Hmph. Take your best shot.
Looks like more than the usual scum, this time.
Normally I wouldn't bother, but you've irked me.
— entering hard battle Ambush? That's what you think!
An ambush, eh...?
Now I'm mad! 



Show me some enjoyment, if you can.
So, which of you wants to visit Hell first?
All who stand in my way shall be erased!
— entering battle The least I can do is offer a painless death.
Begone from my sight, scum!
Laughable. Do you truly think you can stand against me?
— entering easy battle At last, one who's got a spine!
Don't let your guard down for an instant.
Heh. Worthy prey indeed.
— entering hard battle Take advantage of their incompetence!
Never leave yourself open on the battlefield.
I'll settle this in one stroke!
— pre-emptive They're coming! Prepare yourselves!
Tch! Hold fast!
Pay attention, you fools!
— ambush
Field

Better than junk, I suppose.
Close enough, huh.
A passing grade, perhaps.
— recipe in progress

Not quite ideal, but I can accept it.
— when leveling up



Guillotine!
Outta my way!
— short-range normal attack Begone!
— long-range normal attack Die!
— anti-air normal attack Get up!
— ground normal attack Hah! Suck that down!
Yah! Suck that down!
Hah! Yaaagh!
Yah! Yaaagh!
Hah!
Yah!
— blinsides Rrraaaagh!
I shall annihilate you all!
Move, or be destroyed!
— Rush Mode What?!
Damn!
Bastard!
— when hurt Ugh...damn it...
Egh...this is nothing...geh...
— at critical health Hmph. That look long enough.
Not bad. Well played.
I didn't need your help.
— when receiving help Now, finally! I too...
This taste of death...is not unpleasant...
No-waaagh!
— incapacitated ???
???
???
???
???
Is that all you got...you pile o' junk?!*
???
???
???
— when angered Damn! How could I have possibly...?!
I leave you with your lives.
— during escape
Field

Better than junk, I suppose.
Close enough, huh.
A passing grade, perhaps.
— recipe in progress

Not quite ideal, but I can accept it. 



All who oppose me will be eliminated!
Begone! Worthless scum!
— victory Amateurs. Throwing their lives away for nothing...
Pointless. A waste of time.
— easy victory This Pyrrhic victory...my men would ridicule me.
Still we live, only to face inevitable death.
— hard-fought victory ???
???
Death himself has nothing to fear.
And so my bad karma gets worse.
???
— when leveling up
Field

Better than junk, I suppose.
Close enough, huh.
A passing grade, perhaps.
— recipe in progress

Not quite ideal, but I can accept it. 



I estimate our combat abilities to be roughly equal.
Estimated elimination time: 3 minutes, 30 seconds.
If we deal with the situation calmly, this should be simple enough.
— entering battle Shifting to warm-up mode.
Our combat abilities are superior.
Estimated elimination time: 1 minute, 20 seconds.
— entering easy battle Attack alert detected! This fight will be dangerous.
The defeat of a worthy enemy always means personal development.
Even a body such as mine can still tremble with excitement.
— entering hard battle Attack distance secure! We have them unawares.
Our victory in this battle is certain!
We must seize on their confusion and strike!
— pre-emptive My sensors showed no readings...!
I should've known better...
Were they beyond the range of my sensors...?
— ambush
Field

Hmm...hmph!
Please step back.
— mining

Stealth activated.
— stealth

Yes, we can use this.
Success is proportional to technique.
The higher quality a product, the more useful it is.
— recipe in progress

Experience does not merely come from battle.
— when leveling up



We can handle this!
C'mon, let's do this!
They won't know what hit 'em!
— entering battle We don't have time to play around!
Let's show these chumps a good time!
I hate to pick on small fry, but if they insist...
— entering easy battle Stay alert, people!
The stronger they are, the harder they fall!
This one...could be close!
— entering hard battle Come on! Now's our chance!
We can take 'em! ...Now!
Wide open!
— pre-emptive Damn it!
Keep your guard up!
Ugh! Cowards!
— ambush
Field

Perfect!
Nice.
Not too bad!
— recipe in progress

All right! Let's keep this up.
— when leveling up

Stop being full of yourself it's ridiculous. The star ocean is endless, the world vast beyond knowing. If you’re presuming you can carry it all yourself, you're a fool. It is the stars themselves that decide between prosperity and destruction. All is fate. Or... are you arrogant as to believe you can manipulate fate itself? Don't be so presumptuous you idiot. What you are capable of doing and the influence you wield is limited. Yes, something you trigger might eventually swell into an enormous wave, enveloping everything. The very fate of a world might even be swayed. But your actions are not enough. A great many factors conspire to bring a world's fate to its ultimate conclusion. Fret! Fear! Weep! But do not stop. Leave pride by the wayside. Move forward with every fiber of your being, and you will discover what you are capable of. Insignificant as you are, you will discover something that only you can do. That is the path you must walk.



We must make the most of our training.
Lowering our guard may result in failure.
This should be a fine fight indeed.
— entering battle They should have more respect for our skill.
Shall I take care of this myself?
This may be beneath us, but we must not hold back.
— entering easy battle We must show full force...or else.
Quite a formidable foe.
We must avoid a prolonged battle here.
— entering hard battle Let's take this advantage!
Let's not lose this chance!
The initiative is ours!
— pre-emptive An ambush... Impressive.
If only I had been more careful!
Egh...! We must fend them off!
— ambush
Field

A fine pace indeed.
This is QUITE good.
I've done it!
— recipe in progress

That was a good experience.
— when leveling up



I'm gonna beat you up, 'kay?
Let's just do this, 'kay?
I'm gonna show you somethin', 'kay?
— entering battle This'll be easy, 'kay?
You can't beat me, 'kay?
How 'bout you just go home, 'kay?
— entering easy battle Mmm...looks kinda strong, 'kay?
I don't feel too good about this, 'kay?
My heart is kinda poundin', 'kay?
— entering hard battle They haven't noticed us yet, 'kay?
Now's our chance, 'kay?
Let's get 'em first, 'kay?
— pre-emptive That's not fair, 'kay?!
This is bad, 'kay?
Ahh..! Don't scare me, 'kay?!
— ambush
Field

Not bad, huh?
I did it, 'kay?
I'm hungry, 'kay?
— recipe in progress

This feels pretty good, 'kay?
— when leveling up
Star Ocean: Anamnesis
Lymle

We need to go after them! Let's get 'em, 'kay?
— entering battle

I'll show you what I'm made of, 'kay?
— Rush Mode

Now I'm really, really angry!
— using a skill

This feels really good!
It's thanks to you, Edgie!
I'm much stronger than Faize, 'kay?
— when leveling up
Official Lymle
Flower Lymle



Let's do this like we always do!
We're not gonna lose in a place like this!
Guess this should be a pretty fair fight, huh?
— entering battle Sure, we'll play with ya!
Bring on whatever ya got!
This should take like 10 seconds!
— entering easy battle Meow! This could be dangerous!
I'm ready to risk a few scratches for this!
My instincts are telling me this could be bad...
— entering hard battle Big chance!
Thanks for the advantage!
Sneak attack, meow!
— pre-emptive Aw, ya don't have to be so mean...
What the heck?!
Ah...! Hold on a second!
— ambush
Field

Not half bad!
Meowreka!
Got it, meow!
— recipe in progress

All right, lucky!
— when leveling up



Unfortunately, I'M the one who's going to win.
Sorry. We don't have any time to waste here.
Eheh! You want a piece of ME?
— entering battle Looks like there won't be much for me to do.
Do you really think you can handle me?
Let's clean this mess up already!
— entering easy battle Looks like we're gonna have to play for keeps.
This one might take a little while.
Wonderful! Another tough one.
— entering hard battle Ahah, your defense is full of holes.
How could you not notice such a beautiful woman?
You won't even know what hit you!
— pre-emptive You think that gives you some kind of advantage?
My, didn't even notice you.
You got the one-up on me. Not bad.
— ambush
Field

Well? How is it?
All right, it's done.
Ehahahaha!
— recipe in progress

I'm not letting you kids beat me yet!
— when leveling up



Just keep your cool and we'll be fine.
This should be fairly exciting.
Concentrate, concentrate!
— entering battle This may look like a snap but let's not be careless.
Don't you feel kinda sorry for them?
This should be some decent practice.
— entering easy battle This'll be a tough one.
So strong... but let's give it our best.
This is almost overwhelming...
— entering hard battle This is our chance!
Now's the time to strike!
We go first!
— pre-emptive Wait, I'm not ready yet!
We were too careless!
Hey, what's going on?!
— ambush
Field

Here we go!
We can use this!
— harvesting

Not bad at all.
How's this?
I did it!
— recipe in progress

I can't keep being a nuisance forever!
— when leveling up



Oh dear. This looks like trouble.
Let's take this nice 'n' easy, okay?
I'm really not very fond of pain.
— entering battle My my, how very cute!
Even I could handle this!
Ehahahahahaha! Ehahaha!
— entering easy battle Oh my... This looks dangerous...
Something about this makes me fear for my life...
Goodness gracious! How frightening!
— entering hard battle Get ready! Here we come!
Looks like we haven't been noticed.
The early bird catches the worm.
— pre-emptive Oh... You don't look very friendly...
Oh dear! Has the fight already begun?!
This doesn't seem very fair!
— ambush
Field

Ooh, I did it!
Phew... That was tiring.
All finished!
— recipe in progress

Ah. That feels wonderful.
— when leveling up

FINAL FANTASY

"In fact it's just an ordinary well."
―Narration, Final Fantasy

"We just be cannonfodder. Never 'ave the chance to show what we're really made of..."
―Goblin, Final Fantasy

"Restore the Crystals to grace."
―Prayers by NPCs, Final Fantasy

"Here lies Link."
―On a headstone, Final Fantasy

"I, Garland, will knock you all down!"
―Garland to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"You dare to cross blades with me?"
―Garland to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"You must have cannonballs of steel to challenge me!"
―Bikke to Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"I see...a cycle of wrath...a dim light...guided by destiny...that upon which our entire future revolves."
―Lukahn, of the Circle of Sages, Final Fantasy

"For you are the warrior who crossed time. You are the bringer of light..."
―Ending Credits, Final Fantasy

"Let's see how you handle the mighty me! And by me, I mean Gilgamesh!! And by handle, I mean DIE!!!"
―Gilgamesh to the Warriors of Light, Final Fantasy

"The world lies in shrouded darkness.
The winds die...
The seas rage...
The earth decays...
But the people believe in a prophecy, patiently waiting for its fulfillment.
'When darkness veils the world, four Warriors of Light shall come.'
After a long journey four young warriors did at last appear...
...and in the hand each was holding a crystal."
―Intro, Final Fantasy
FINAL FANTASY II

"All those who live must some day die. It is our fate."
―Minwu, Final Fantasy II

"Reluctance to forgive has long been a human failing. It is man's nature to sin, yet you answer sin with violence upon violence. Is that not itself a sin?"
―Emperor Mateus, Final Fantasy II

"I get to be his underling even in the afterlife, talk about lucky!"
―Cid's Underling, Final Fantasy II

"We were attacked by the Dreadnought. They're dead. They're all dead..."
―Female soldier in Poft, Final Fantasy II

"Guy speak beaver."
―Guy, Final Fantasy II

"Next to you I realize just how pathetic I am..."
―Gordon, Final Fantasy II

"Forgive me, Your Highness, but there is something I must ask of you. Please allow us to join the rebel army!"
―Firion to Princess Hilda, Final Fantasy II

"The password is Wild Rose. Remember it well."
―Princess Hilda, Final Fantasy II

"Trustin' pirates doesn't say much for the space ye got between yer ears."
―Leila attempting to mug the party, Final Fantasy II

"Ooooh, looky your weird face. Why you no weary mask?"
―NPC on the Tropical Island, Final Fantasy II

"This is the Castle of Hell... Pandaemonium!"
―Firion, Final Fantasy II

"To yer posts, boys! Whether it be Deist or the bloody edge of the world, we'll get ye there!"
―Leila joins the party, Final Fantasy II

    Emperor Mateus: "Why do you hesitate? Do you not desire eternal life?"
    Scott: "I'm already dead."
    — The Light Emperor speaks to the party in Arubboth, Final Fantasy II

"I did take the lives of many foes while fighting the empire..."
―Scott, thinking he is in Hell, Final Fantasy II

"You do realize you're quite mad..."
―Paul, Final Fantasy II

"You may have a little trouble spilling the blood of Ricard Highwind, last of the dragoons!"
―Ricard to the Emperor, Final Fantasy II

"As Guardian of this altar, I take it upon myself to judge your worthiness."
―Deumion, Final Fantasy II

"For us, there can be no going back."
―Leon, Final Fantasy II

"You should consider what I am about to do a great honor... I shall kill you personally!"
―Emperor Mateus, Final Fantasy II
FINAL FANTASY III

"Fat Chocobo can store items in its belly! Isn't that hilarious? And slightly disturbing?"
―a girl in Gysahl Village, Final Fantasy III

"Toads!? I hate toads! Don't turn me into one!"
―Refia to Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"You won't take my crystal! Instead, you will take a sound thrashing!"
―Goldor, Final Fantasy III

"H-hey! Uh... Stop that!"
―Arc defending Alus, Final Fantasy III

"No! You can't ask us to... Doga, Unei... We can't fight you!"
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"Why do I get the feeling this is not the safest place to be...?"
―Luneth upon falling into Altar Cave, Final Fantasy III

"I am a Warrior of the Dark... one of the four who stopped the flood of light a thousand years ago. I have come to join you."
―Warrior of Darkness, Final Fantasy III

"Turnip-squeezing bashi-bazouks like you, the four warriors of legend!?"
―Delilah, Final Fantasy III

"Too bad that these days, even putting on my socks is enough physical exertion for a good twenty-four hours."
―Cid Haze, Final Fantasy III

"Fear not! Our word is our bond! We shall return!"
―Ingus to Princess Sara, Final Fantasy III

"It can't be a coincidence... the Crystal must have known!"
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"In ancient times, man's greatest wonder / Was to harness light; but what a blunder!"
―Bard in Falgabard, Final Fantasy III

"I can see why the crystals chose you. I can feel the light within you...strong, yet gentle..."
―Aria Benett, Final Fantasy III

"Swell... And here I was, hoping we'd get a chance to buy some new weapons."
―Luneth on the Saronia Civil War, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "...It's weird. I feel as if we've done this before."
    Arc: "Did you hit your head or something? We'd never even seen an airship until we met Cid."
    — Arc and Luneth after the first airship crash, Final Fantasy III

"Maybe they're out pillaging villages like good soldiers of doom?"
―Refia on the abandoned Castle Argus, Final Fantasy III

"Books...! Knowledge!"
―Arc about the Library of Saronia, Final Fantasy III

"Our treasure's yours! Follow me, and behold the dwarven moonwalk! Come, come!"
―Dwarf, Final Fantasy III

"Of course not! His sword is worth twice that of these two."
―Refia comparing Ingus to Arc and Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"The Djinn's curse turned me into a ghost... Am I going to die like this? Or am I already dead...? Doom! Despair! Oh me, oh my!"
―Kazus villager, Final Fantasy III

"What gibberish is that? The floating continent theorem was already hard to take in..."
―Ingus, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "Aaah! Wh-what is this cloud!? It's...it's draining my strength away..."
    Ingus: "Hold on! Our answers lie on the surface! We must reach it!"
    — Crossing to the surface world, Final Fantasy III

"He does a noble thing. Do not even think of mocking him, Luneth."
―Ingus, Final Fantasy III

"I can't help but wonder... what has happened to my father? Why would he expel his own son?"
―Prince Alus, Final Fantasy III

"Noah's Lute, the legendary lute sealed away within time, begins to sound a quiet song that reaches deep within your heart."
―Game text on finding Noah's Lute, Final Fantasy III

"What is it, young man? Embarrassed to be seen walking around with an old crone like me? [...] Then stop staring and get moving!"
―Unei joins the party, Final Fantasy III

"The gift that Noah gave Xande—mortality—is the greatest gift of all."
―Unei, Final Fantasy III

"Being able to die is a great gift...? I still don't get it..."
―Luneth, Final Fantasy III

"We did it! We've got our own ship! Now we can go to exotic ports, and meet even more exotic women!"
―Desch, Final Fantasy III

"I'm not a coward... But I know I have to be stronger... But I can't ask for Luneth's help... I'll show them!"
―Arc, Final Fantasy III

"You must understand that your meeting with the crystal was not happenstance. It was the crystal's will. You have been chosen."
―Topapa, Final Fantasy III

"His face was covered in soot and his clothes were burnt to tatters. The child he carried in his arms... was you."
―Topapa to Luneth, Final Fantasy III

    Luneth: "Slacking off saved her from the curse, so maybe that 'luck' might rub off on us!"
    Refia: "Hey! That's not fair!"
    — Refia joins the party, Final Fantasy III

FINAL FANTASY IV

"I suppose this is my fate as a Dark Knight."
―Cecil to Rosa, Final Fantasy IV

"Damnation!"
―Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"I have longed to renounce this hateful thing."
―Cecil referring to the dark sword, Final Fantasy IV

"Never fear! Me and my Enterprise will fill your share!"
―Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"I'm gonna kill the whole lot of you if you don't come back safe!"
―Cid to Cecil's party, Final Fantasy IV

"Heh, heh. Rydia's got you whipped, eh, kid?"
―Cid teasing Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"To hell with your self-righteous crap!"
―Edge to Rubicante, Final Fantasy IV

"How I yearned for this! When last we met, you taught me a great truth; that many are more powerful than one! I'll restore you to full strength. Now, show us what power you possess."
―Rubicante, Final Fantasy IV

"Watch your mouth, windbag! I'm Edge, prince of Eblan!"
―Edge to Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"Sweet! Not one, but two babes in the party."
―Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"Don't forget handsome, and really skilled!"
―Edge, after Kain calls him "slick", Final Fantasy IV

"It's okay. Antlions are quite tame."
―Edward to Cecil and Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"True evil will never die."
―Fusoya to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Never hesitate to kill, Kain."
―Golbez to Kain, Final Fantasy IV

"Befuddled by a woman? You pitiful wretch."
―Golbez, referring to Kain's attraction towards Rosa, Final Fantasy IV

"Does this mean you have forgiven me?"
―Golbez to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Dissension only leads to treason, and that I will not tolerate."
―King of Baron to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"Cecil, Rosa. I cannot bring myself to face you both, not yet."
―Kain to himself, Final Fantasy IV

"I'm afraid we're going to have to get rid of the girl."
―Kain to Cecil regarding Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"I can't believe I'm helping this sleaze."
―Palom referring to Cecil, Final Fantasy IV

"So now we'll have another geezer on board."
―Palom referring to Cid, Final Fantasy IV

"That repulsive brat is my twin brother."
―Porom referring to Palom, Final Fantasy IV

"Sir, no disrespect, but that acting of yours is about as subtle as a crutch."
―Porom to Baigan, Final Fantasy IV

"It was Lugae who made chimerae of your parents. I shared no hand in his perversities. They shame me as they grieve you."
―Rubicante to Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"But anger never bears true strength, and it blinds you."
―Rubicante to Edge, Final Fantasy IV

"The most important thing is that we are alike on the inside, not on the outside. Isn't that right, Cecil?"
―Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"Didn't I say that we were all fighting for a common cause? Besides, I'm the only Caller you have!"
―Rydia, Final Fantasy IV

"I am doom itself!"
―Tellah, Final Fantasy IV

"You spoony bard!"
―Tellah to Edward, Final Fantasy IV

"The Cecil I know would never whimper like this. The Cecil I love..."
―Rosa Farrell to Cecil Harvey, Final Fantasy IV

""Men of Baron fight not without just cause." That's what His Majesty taught us, isn't it?"
―Rosa Farrell to Kain Highwind, Final Fantasy IV

"Without me along, who will heal you when you're hurt?"
―Rosa Farrell to Cecil Harvey, Final Fantasy IV

"The body dies, but the spirit lives on."
―Zemus, Final Fantasy IV

"Why oh why can't I just run away and leave them here?"
―Edge, in thought, Final Fantasy IV
FINAL FANTASY IV: THE AFTER YEARS

"This girl's no good as an Epopt, that's for sure. But as my partner, she passes with flying colors!"
―Palom, regarding Leonora, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Seriously, that is one creepy face you're making."
―Palom to Leonora, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"You've got a lot to learn, boy. Starting with how to keep that mouth of yours shut."
―Biggs, to Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"You are the last...of the Red Wings, Ceodore...We, the Red Wings...are the greatest airship fleet in the skies...the pride of Baron! My orders...are the law...to you..."
―Biggs's last words to Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Ceodore: "You've heard of them?"
    Hooded Man: ""Who hasn't heard of them?" would be a better question."
    — The Hooded Man, referring to the Red Wings, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Hooded Man: "You're all right..."
    Cecil: "Of course I am. I need to be if Baron is going to continue keeping the peace in this world. "
    — Cecil meets the Hooded Man, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Cecil: "If you're just a stray beggar, then please leave immediately. I am a very busy man."
    Hooded Man: "Pardon me..."
    — Cecil meets the Hooded Man, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Kain: "Even if it costs your life?"
    Edward: "Mm-hmm."
    — Kain threatening Edward for Damcyan's crystal, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Leonora: "Maintain your composure...Contain your mainposure..."
    Palom: "You've lost it already, haven't you?"
    — Palom trains Leonora in Black Magic, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Dark Knight: "I...I am Cecil! The true Cecil!?"
    Cecil: "You are myself...That is true...the part that has shut itself from the time, once upon a time...But those days are over...You are no longer alone!"
    — Cecil fighting his dark side, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Mysterious Girl: "Re... Reflect!"
    Bahamut: "You waste your breath!"
    — Bahamut, before he destroys the Mysterious Girl with Megaflare, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

    Mysterious Girl: "You're still alive."
    Man in Black: "Sure am. Not that I have quite as many bodies as you do."
    — Meeting a third time., Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Women can be fearsome things, sometimes...)"
―Palom, after he eavesdrops on a conversation between Porom, Leonora and Luca, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ugh! I hate muscle men! Barefoot ones, to boot!"
―Ultros, if Golbez attacks him during battle, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Our weakness is precisely what makes us so powerful...)"
―Golbez, after defeating the Ultima Weapon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ngh...! I am sorry...but my craft cannot hold out any longer... The chemical reactions... that were controlled by my outer frame...! They are changing...me... My brain has started to... transform...!"
―The Creator, before transforming, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"The Lunarians' Crystals were robbed of their power. The enemy's claw were upon them."
―Golbez to Kain, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ugh! I hate muscle men! What, are you the backup?"
―Ultros, after attacking Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Ho ho ho! You aren't getting past me! No sir! No picking on me, now!"
―Ultros, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I...I'm not sure how I should react to that."
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I am impressed you made it here... But it all ends, now. The darkness is about to flood into your world... and the planet you live on shall be banished into oblivion!"
―Echidna, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(This power... It imprisoned me as well, once.)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Cerberus, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Soon...Soon, the dark flood will begin in earnest! And you... Yes, you will already be dead by the time it begins!"
―Ahriman, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"No...this is not among the Dark Crystals we know of."
―Kain, after encountering the Dark Crystals on the True Moon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"That was no regular Behemoth!"
―Cecil, after defeating the King Behemoth on the True Moon, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(This is no mere moon... This is home to demons and devils!)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Astaroth, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"(Is this what happens when ones loses all hope, body, and soul?)"
―Golbez, after the party defeats Beelzebub, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I never knew such a powerful dragon existed in this universe!"
―Kain, after the party defeats Tiamat, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"These monsters... They control the elements, much like the archfiends."
―Kain, after the party defeats Kraken, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Is this...an evolved version of the Behemoth?"
―Kain, after defeating the King Behemoth, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"That was no simply monster minion."
―Kain, after the party defeats Marilith, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Was that Death himself? I felt a sudden dread course through my veins..."
―Ceodore, after the party defeats Lich, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I felt so isolated. I was inside a world of profound darkness... However, I still had faith... faith that Rosa and Ceodore, and my friend would come to my aid... But I must admit, I certainly did not expect you to be among my saviors."
―Cecil to Golbez, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Fate is not something set in stone. If you want to change it, all you have to do is believe!"
―Cecil, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"There was a time when I hated my role in life. That all ended once I embarked on this journey! That role I hated... it was all just in my own head! "
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Cecil has returned to you, I see. But that has changed nothing. The planet has completed its role. Its fate has not changed one bit... just as yours remain unchanged."
―The Mysterious Girl, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"I could hear your voice... it echoed through my mind, across the entire ordeal. That was what kept me from withering into an empty shell."
―Cecil to Golbez, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years

"Cecil is my father... Rosa is my mother! And I am their one and only son!"
―Ceodore, Final Fantasy IV: The After Years
FINAL FANTASY V

"Starkle, starkle little twink... Now it's time that you guys SINK!!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"I am certain we'll meet again!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"IT'S MORPHING TIME!!!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Hasta la bye bye!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Have at it, vile beasts!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Enough expository banter! Now we fight like men! And ladies! And ladies who dress like men!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"It's days like this that get you high on life! But you, sirs, are harshing my buzz!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy V

"Sweet Christmas, it's a talking turtle!"
―Bartz, meeting Ghido for the first time, Final Fantasy V

"Boko, you stud!"
―Bartz on hearing of Boko's wife, Final Fantasy V

"By Jove! What is that!"
―Ghido, Final Fantasy V

"Time for your viscera to see the light of day!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"You think I sat around seven centuries munching on pizza?"
―Ghido fighting Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"What the crap was that!?"
―Bartz, Final Fantasy V

"You have mastered the piano!!! All others quake in fear at your superhuman keyboard manipulation skills."
―Game text, when mastering the piano, Final Fantasy V

"Something's fishy about this place, and it ain't cod..."
―Bartz, before the fight with Siren, Final Fantasy V

"The laws of the universe mean nothing!"
―Neo Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"Bartz, Bartz, Bartz... so enthusiastic and yet so stupid."
―Ghido, Final Fantasy V

" Geez-oh-pete, every one of you guys is always going overboard!"
―Bartz Klauser, Final Fantasy V

"I heard a meteorite landed near Tycoon. Too bad it didn't land on my mother-in-law..."
―An NPC in Carwen, Final Fantasy V

    Cid: "Ha! Looks like that overgrown lobster just got served!"
    Bartz: "With cheese biscuits AND mashed potatoes!"
    — Cid and Bartz, upon the defeat of the Cray Claw, Final Fantasy V

"STELLA!!!"
―Dorgann Klauser, after discovering his wife died, Final Fantasy V

"Don't sound so surprised. This old dog is always ready for anything!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"Yeah...you can't ask a favor from a pirate! That's why we'll just sneak on and steal their ship!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"Trying to steal my ship, are you? You've a lot of brass... ...or mayhap you're just lacking in brains! I'd wager it's the latter."
―Faris, Final Fantasy V

"Let her go, you addle-pated foul-complexioned scofflaw!"
―Faris to Magissa, Final Fantasy V

"Don't come any closer! I will be fine. Just...must reach the dragon grass..."
―Lenna crossing the poison flowers on North Mountain, Final Fantasy V

    Chancellor: "Princess, you have a responsibility to this kingdom!"
    Lenna: "Yes...but more importantly I have a responsibility to the world. Right now, we are all in danger..."
    — Lenna visiting Tycoon Castle, Final Fantasy V

"My great escape, and it's another cell! That's the last of my explosives, too... Nuts!"
―Cid trying to escape Karnak Castle, Final Fantasy V

"It's finished! We are so awesome!"
―Mid on the revamped Fire-Powered Ship, Final Fantasy V

    Faris: "Maybe we'll see it and be inspired. Don't tell me you're afraid of some sand, old man..."
    Galuf: "Please! When I was your age, we crossed burning sand every day and liked it! Come on, Bartz!"
    — Discussing the Desert of Shifting Sands, Final Fantasy V

    Galuf: "Not the most sophisticated of methods..."
    Cid: "You aren't that sophisticated of a guy! I think it suits you fine!"
    — On using the Sandworm's body to cross the Desert of Shifting Sands, Final Fantasy V

"Galuf. It's good to see you again...for it means I have returned! Mwa-hahahahaha!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"Gadzooks! It's a den of monsters! Er, you kids can go ahead."
―Cid scouting the Karnak Meteorite, Final Fantasy V

"Be careful, Mr. Moogle!"
―Lenna before fighting the Moogle Eater, Final Fantasy V

    Lenna: "Grass isn't supposed to attack people!"
    Faris: "That's no grass, that's a beast! A foul, leafy demon!"
    — Lenna and Faris on the Dragon Flower, Final Fantasy V

"Don't do things like that! That's ridiculously dangerous!"
―Krile after Lenna takes a bite of Dragon Grass, Final Fantasy V

"By the briny beard of Neptune!"
―Faris on meeting Sage Ghido, Final Fantasy V

"Aren't we feeling self-important, taking all the blame, hmm? Had I meant it was your fault, I would've said that. Seals are meant to be broken."
―Ghido on Exdeath's return, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Exdeath! No way we'll let you get away with this!"
    Exdeath: "Mwa-hahahaha... Have you any idea what I plan to get away with in the first place?"
    — Bartz confronts Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "What, you don't believe me?"
    Krile: "Well, you're so poor at riding wind drakes..."
    — Bartz telling Krile about Boko, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Stuck in a monster's nest... Great, just great."
    Krile: "I don't think it's very great at all. Now what'll we do?"
    — After falling in an Antlion's den, Final Fantasy V

"Which one of you decided to maroon me back there!? Try it again and you'll hang from a yardarm!"
―Faris to Bartz and Krile, Final Fantasy V

"Peons! Tremble before my might! Mwa-hahahahaha!"
―Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"We must stop Exdeath. The people around the world need us... No, not only the people, but all life..."
―Krile, Final Fantasy V

"These woods are so peaceful. Why don't you rest here... ...FOR ALL ETERNITY!"
―Calofisteri, Final Fantasy V

"Enter the Dawn Warriors!"
―Galuf, Final Fantasy V

"I won't give up. There must be a way to reach the Wind Shrine!"
―Lenna, Final Fantasy V

    Xezat: "I'm coming! Hang in there!"
    Galuf: "That pun is so bad, I'm gonna fall on purpose..."
    — Said as Galuf dangles from a bowsprit, Final Fantasy V

"You know, it was my dad's dying wish that I go out and travel the world... Plus, this time, it feels like- like the wind is calling me."
―Bartz, Final Fantasy V

"I come with a request. Please, stop amplifying the power of the water crystal!"
―Lenna to King Walse, Final Fantasy V

"Why does the princess of Tycoon have the same pendant as I do?"
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"I reconsidered your request. You can go back to the brig if you'd rather."
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"Four new warriors have been chosen by the crystals... They must be the ones to fight Exdeath. Galuf... and Bartz, Lenna, Faris... The rest is up to you."
―Xezat Matias Surgate, Final Fantasy V

"It's all right. Look, you can eat it, see? I'll have some, too."
―Lenna eats poisonous Dragon Grass, Final Fantasy V

    Galuf: "We're back! Now open the gate!"
    Soldier: "Nice try, monster! You're gonna have to work harder to pull one over on the solders of Bal!"
    — The party returns to Castle Bal, Final Fantasy V

    Bartz: "Sorry for messing up your plans... We just wanted-"
    Galuf: "Whatever! I'll verbally berate you later, after we've blown this pop stand!"
    — Galuf rescues the party from Castle Exdeath, Final Fantasy V

"I don't even see the worry. What's a couple of overblown pop-guns against the likes of us?!"
―Galuf Halm Baldesion, Final Fantasy V

"A father, huh... wonder what that's like."
―Faris Scherwiz, Final Fantasy V

"Tears don't really suit you, Krile. You have to be strong."
―Lenna Charlotte Tycoon, Final Fantasy V

"Mid... Take good care of your grandpa."
―Krile Mayer Baldesion, Final Fantasy V

"Who in blazes am I, anyway..."
―Galuf Halm Baldesion, Final Fantasy V
FINAL FANTASY VI

"Hee, hee! Nothing can beat the music of hundreds of voices screaming in unison!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"There's a reason "oppose" rhymes with "dispose"... if they get in your way, kill them!"
―Kefka to the imperial force poised to attack Narshe, Final Fantasy VI

"I hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate HATE YOU!"
―Kefka to Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"Mercy is for wimps!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"This is sickening! You sound like chapters from a self-help booklet!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Now for a little Magicite hocus-pocus!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Son of a submariner!"
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"I'd say you're all charged up boys and girls...or whatever."
―Kefka, Final Fantasy VI

"Run run, or you'll be well done!"
―Kefka to Emperor Gestahl, Final Fantasy VI

""Wait" he says. Do I look like a waiter?"
―Kefka to Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"Terra...wait for me. I'll be back. And please, don't let a lecherous young king, who shall remain nameless, near you!"
―Locke to Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"M, M M M M M M M M M M M M M MAGIC?! She used magic?"
―Locke about Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Delicious Morsel, I'd love to get my tentacles around her!"
―Ultros, right before attacking Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Silence! You're in the presence of octopus royalty! A lowborn thug like you could never defeat me!"
―Ultros to Locke, Final Fantasy VI

"Not a word of this to anyone, O Shrouded One..."
―Locke to Shadow, after being seasick, Final Fantasy VI

"First of all, your beauty has captivated me! Second... I'm dying to know if I'm your type... I guess your ...abilities... would be a distant third."
―Edgar to Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"That's Shadow...! He'd slit his mama's throat for a nickel!"
―Edgar Roni Figaro to Terra about Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"Sabin, let's settle this with a toss of a coin. If it's heads, you win. We'll choose whichever path we want, without any regrets."
―Edgar to Sabin regarding their future, Final Fantasy VI

"If something were to happen to me, all the world's women would grieve!"
―Edgar, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm getting sick of this! Thou art such a pain in the...! Confound it all! I'm starting to talk like you!"
―Sabin, referring to Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"My life is a chip in your pile. Ante up!"
―Setzer, upon joining the party, Final Fantasy VI

"The infamous General Celes... The woman single-handedly responsible for the decimation of Maranada... Stand and meet thy judgment, Imperial b—"
―Cyan, upon meeting Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"A two-headed coin..? How low can you get? I love it!"
―Setzer, referring to Edgar's trick coin, Final Fantasy VI

"The best thing in life is being free of obligations... otherwise you lose your ability to gamble."
―Setzer, Final Fantasy VI

"Why not? Nothing to lose but my life... and I got that for free!"
―Setzer Gabbiani, Final Fantasy VI

"So, you were born with the power of Magic!? Isn't it a lovely gift..."
―Celes speaking with Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm a soldier, not some love-starved twit!"
―Celes talking with Edgar, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm a general, not some opera floozy!"
―Celes, after Locke suggests she can substitute in the opera, Final Fantasy VI

"Aren't you a little short for an imperial trooper?"
―Celes to Locke when he comes to rescue her in disguise, Final Fantasy VI

"Mr. Thou! Hurry up! We're leaving!!"
―Gau to Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"Gau's treasure... shiny, shiny!! Shiny, shiny, shiny!!!"
―Gau to Sabin and Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"Uwauu~!!"
―Gau, Final Fantasy VI

"Food! Food!"
―Sabin on the Phantom Train, Final Fantasy VI

"Waaaaaaahhhh! I'm gonna paint your portrait!"
―Relm, Final Fantasy VI

"Those two are hot and heavy, huh, Grandpa?"
―Relm, about Locke and Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"And then I raised my staff, and POW! Right in the kisser!"
―Strago, Final Fantasy VI

"Poo on peace!"
―Imperial Soldier going to the bathroom, Final Fantasy VI

"You born on a farm, son?"
―Maestro, Final Fantasy VI

"I am Cyan, retainer to the king of Doma. I am your worst nightmare..."
―Cyan, to the Captain, Final Fantasy VI

"H...how dare you...you licentious howler!"
―Cyan, to the dancer in Nikeah, Final Fantasy VI

"If I were you, Ox, I'd grab grandpa, here, and run!"
―Siegfried, threatening the party at the Phantom Train, Final Fantasy VI

"No. Mr. Thou is THAT one. Over THERE!"
―Sabin to Gau about Cyan, Final Fantasy VI

"Can't wage war on an empty stomach!"
―Sabin, Final Fantasy VI

"The reaper is always just a step behind me..."
―Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"Leave us. The dog eats strangers."
―Shadow, Final Fantasy VI

"My name is Atma...... I am pure energy... and as ancient as the cosmos. Feeble creatures, GO!"
―Atma Weapon, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm Atma… Left here since birth… Forgotten in the river of time… I've had an eternity to… Ponder the meaning of things… And now I have an answer…"
―Atma, Final Fantasy VI

"Why do people insist on creating things that will inevitably be destroyed? Why do people cling to life, knowing that they must someday die? ...Knowing that none of it will have meant anything once they do?"
―Kefka Palazzo, Final Fantasy VI

"Uh, well, Mom always said I was a slow learner... but I eat FAST!!"
―Ultros, Final Fantasy VI

    Edgar: "...How old are you?"
    Relm: "Ten...Why? Weirdo. I'm going on ahead, okay?"
    — Edgar and Relm, Final Fantasy VI

"Hmm... I suppose a normal girl would have felt something from those words. But...not me..."
―Terra after Edgar flirts with her, Final Fantasy VI

"I'm better off waiting here for the executioner. At least that way I'll keep my pride..."
―Celes, Final Fantasy VI

    Cyan: "Do not think for even a moment that I trust thee!"
    Celes: "Fine. Use your own eyes, and see for yourself which side I'm on."
    — Cyan and Celes, Final Fantasy VI

"I don't know any more than you do. These powers just come naturally to me."
―Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Please...tell me! Who am I? Who!?"
―Terra to the frozen esper, Final Fantasy VI

"Espers... heed my call.."
―Terra opens the Esper Gate, Final Fantasy VI

"How dare you tease a little girl like that! If anything happens to her, I'm not going to forgive you!"
―Terra helps Relm deceive Ultros, Final Fantasy VI

"I don't know why these kids need me... And it's not like there's anything forcing me to protect them. It's the strangest feeling..."
―Terra in Mobliz, Final Fantasy VI

"Did you really think I was gonna check out before you, you old geezebag!? Ha-ha-ha..."
―Relm to Strago, Final Fantasy VI

"Because it's not the end that matters! It's knowing that you have something to live for right now, at this moment! Something you've worked for... something that's worth protecting! As long as you have that...that's enough!"
―Terra, Final Fantasy VI

"Why do you build, knowing destruction is inevitable? Why do you yearn to live, knowing all things must die?"
―Kefka Palazzo, Final Fantasy VI
FINAL FANTASY VII

"If this is all a dream, don't wake me up."
―Cloud Strife, Final Fantasy VII

"I know...nobody lives in the slums because they want to. It's like this train. It can't run anywhere except where its rails take it."
―Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"All right everyone, let's mosey."
―Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"...you look like a bear wearing a marshmallow."
―Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"Finger? What the hell!"
―Cloud, When the in-game tutorial places a finger-like cursor above his head, Final Fantasy VII

"This guy are sick."
―Aeris, Final Fantasy VII

"Oh, these? Do you like them? They're only a gil...?"
―Aeris, Final Fantasy VII

"Sit your ass down in that chair and drink your goddamn tea!!!"
―Cid, Final Fantasy VII

"Maybe God'd forgive an ugly shit like you, but I won't!"
―Cid, Final Fantasy VII

"Be careful of forgetfulness. Your lucky color is...blue?"
―Cait Sith, Final Fantasy VII

"Look, don't even ask! We're way way way way far away from being there, ok!?"
―Tifa, Final Fantasy VII

    Cloud: "It's just that you're always so cold, I thought you didn't care what was happening"
    Vincent: "Cool? Hmm...I guess that's just how I am, sorry."
    — Vincent returns to the party, Final Fantasy VII

    Sephiroth: "I'm far superior to the Ancients. I became a traveler of the Lifestream and gained the knowledge and wisdom of the Ancients. And soon, I will create the future."
    Aeris: "I won't let you do it! The future is not only yours!"
    — At the Temple of the Ancients, Final Fantasy VII

    Vincent: "I have nothing to say."
    Yuffie: "That's okay, it was probably depressing anyway."
    — Vincent and Yuffie talk, Final Fantasy VII

    Cloud: "You look great, just like a man."
    Jessie: "Yay!! I'm happy!...I think?"
    — Commenting on Jessie's disguise, Final Fantasy VII

"A memory is something that is consciously recalled, right? That's why sometimes, it can be mistaken or wrong. It's different from a memory locked deep within your heart."
―Tifa, Final Fantasy VII

"Out of my way. I'm going to see my mother."
―Sephiroth, Final Fantasy VII

"Because...of our actions...many.....people died.....this probably.....is our punishment..."
―Jessie, Final Fantasy VII

"Oh, really, don't you know? These days all it takes for your dreams to come true is money and power."
―President Shinra, Final Fantasy VII

"Just lookin' at you is makin' me sober."
―Reno to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"A pro isn't someone who sacrifices himself for his job. That is just a fool."
―Reno, Final Fantasy VII

"I don't like two-legged things."
―Red XIII, Final Fantasy VII

"Shut up."
―Cloud Strife, Final Fantasy VII

"Hahahaha... Shut up."
―Cloud, to Vincent, Final Fantasy VII

"Even the moon'd tire of waitin' around for your ass!"
―Cid, Final Fantasy VII

"No, come to think of it, if I had to, I'd put my faith in science. Because of science, humans who used to crawl around on the ground can now fly, and soon we're about to go into space! I've earned my living thanks to science, so to me, there's nothing greater."
―Cid, Final Fantasy VII

"Cloud...sign this. It's a contract that says when the war is over, all the materia will belong to me."
―Yuffie, Final Fantasy VII

"People are ignorant. They'll feel better as long as someone is punished."
―Rufus, Final Fantasy VII

"Is that all you can do...? Give one word answers and apologize for everything? Do something. I'll be expecting results."
―Rufus, to Heidegger, Final Fantasy VII

"That why you started sleepin' in a box? Gimme a break!"
―Barret, to Vincent, Final Fantasy VII

"I've been itching to ask you this for a long time. When you blew up the Sector 1 reactor, how many do you think died?"
―Reeve, to Barret, Final Fantasy VII

"I know you got problems... hell, we all do. But you gotta understand that there ain't no gettin' offa this train we're on, till we get to the end of the line."
―Barret, to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"What's my number?"
―Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"I always thought this planet was so huge. But lookin' at it from space, I realized it's so small. We're just floatin' in the dark. ......kinda makes you feel powerless. On top of that it's got Sephiroth festerin' inside it like a sickness. That's why I say this planet's still a kid. A little kid sick and trembling in the middle of this huge universe. Someone's gotta protect it. Ya follow me? That someone is us."
―Cid, Final Fantasy VII

"I'm... Cloud. The master of my own illusionary world. But I can't remain trapped in an illusion any more... I'm going to live my life without pretending."
―Cloud, Final Fantasy VII

"Look always to the eternal flow of time which is far greater than the span of human life. It will teach you more, than staying here in the valley... What you will see will eventually become part of the life's dream."
―Bugenhagen, Final Fantasy VII
FINAL FANTASY VII: ON THE WAY TO A SMILE

"Do you love me?"
―Tifa to Cloud, On the Way to a Smile

"There are those who can give much more pain than those bearing weapons."
―Denzel, On the Way to a Smile

"Since that's the case, we'll live on. We'll live on until we pay back for our sins. It's the only way."
―Barret, On the Way to a Smile

"Rrraaahhhhhh!"
―Barret, On the Way to a Smile

"You know, man, the monsters' den might be somewhere inside me."
―Barret, On the Way to a Smile

"Goddamn piecea shit! I'm gonna flatten you into last week's scrap!"
―Cid, On the Way to a Smile

"God? You haul his ass down here, I gotta have words with him."
―Cid, On the Way to a Smile

"Aerith brought that child to us, didn't she?"
―Tifa, about Denzel, On the Way to a Smile

    Barret: "Cid, what am I supposed to do?"
    Cid: "Well for starters, you can fix that."
    — Barret fires at Cid's roof, On the Way to a Smile

    Cloud: "I want to drink alone."
    Tifa: "Then drink in your room."
    — Tifa finds Cloud drinking, On the Way to a Smile

FINAL FANTASY VII ADVENT CHILDREN

"Is this the pain you felt before...Cloud? Let me remind you. This time you won't forget."
―Sephiroth, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"It's Jenova's friggin' head!"
―Reno to Kadaj, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Your Ma 's cool. Wait, what the hell am I saying?"
―Reno to Kadaj, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Tell me what you cherish most. Give me the pleasure of taking it away."
―Sephiroth to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Good to see you...Cloud."
―Sephiroth to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"I pity you. You just don't get it at all. There's not a thing I don't cherish!"
―Cloud to Sephiroth, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"I've thought of a wonderful present for you. Shall I give you despair?"
―Sephiroth to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"I will...never be a memory."
―Sephiroth, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Mother came to this planet after a long journey, to rid the cosmos of fools like you!"
―Kadaj to Rufus, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"My reunion...bet you're dying to watch."
―Kadaj, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"So what if I'm her puppet? Once upon a time, you were too!"
―Kadaj to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Dilly dally shilly shally. Isn't it time you did the forgiving?"
―Aerith to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"You're going to give up and die. Is that it?"
―Tifa to Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Where can I buy a phone?"
―Vincent, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Son of a bitch!"
―Denzel, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

    Cloud: "Are sins ever forgiven?"
    Vincent: "I've never tried."
    — Speaking about Cloud's guilt, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

    Rufus: "Cloud, you're an ex-SOLDIER, aren't you?"
    Cloud: "In my head."
    — Rufus asking Cloud for protection, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

    Cloud: "I think...I want to be forgiven...more than anything."
    Aerith: "By who?"
    — Discussing what Cloud wants, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

    Yuffie: "Alright, who's been touching my materia?"
    Tifa: "The bad guys, naturally."
    — Preparing to fight Bahamut SIN, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

    Aerith: "This one's a little too big to adopt."
    Zack: "Tough luck, friend. Looks like you don't have a place here."
    — Resurrecting Cloud, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Embrace your dreams, and whatever happens, protect your honor as SOLDIER. Ok, so you never made SOLDIER, but it's whats in here that counts."
―Zack, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete

"Well, you need a hand with 'im? You already beat him once didn't you? This should be a cinch."
―Zack, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete

"A good son would have known."
―Rufus Shinra to Kadaj, Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children

"Don't pretend you're sad. Why mourn for something that's not even there? Face it, Cloud. All you are is an empty puppet."
―Sephiroth speaking in Cloud's mind., Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete
CRISIS CORE

"Use brings about wear, tear, and rust. And that's a real waste."
―Angeal, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Embrace your dreams. And, whatever happens, protect your honor as SOLDIER."
―Zack, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Wings symbolise freedom for those who have none. They don't symbolize monsters."
―Cissnei, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Sephiroth, have you lost weight?"
―Angeal, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Mother, they're here again. You should have ruled this planet. You were stronger, smarter. But then they came... Those inferior dullards... They came and took this planet away from you. But don't be sad, Mother. I am with you now... "
―Sephiroth, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Aerith? Listen, can I call you back? I have some company."
―Zack as Genesis summons Bahamut Fury, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"No, you...you're not the Sephiroth I once knew."
―Zack, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"I have twenty-three tiny wishes, but you probably won't remember them all, so I put them all together into one: I'd like to spend more time with you."
―Aerith Gainsborough, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"I am the chosen one. I have been chosen to rule this planet."
―Sephiroth, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"No way...he just ate my hair."
―Zack, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Goodnight...Zack."
―Cloud, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"No story is not worth hearing."
―Angeal, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Whether your words are lies created to deceive me, or the truth, that I have sought all my life, it makes no difference. You will rot."
―Sephiroth to Genesis, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Would you say I became a hero?"
―Zack Fair, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

    Zack: "Genesis! So you are alive!"
    Genesis: "I suppose, if you can call this living."
    — At the Nibel Reactor, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Dreams of the morrow hath the shattered soul. Pride is lost. Wings stripped away, the end is nigh. Such is... the fate of a monster."
―Genesis Rhapsodos, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"I see... you've finally made your decision. I'll respect your wishes, old friend. However... Can you really live on that side?"
―Genesis to Angeal, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Then what should an angel fight for, Zack? What do angels dream of? Angels dream of one thing... To be human."
―Angeal, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"One day, I'll take you to see a beautiful sky, the real sky. It's not frigtening at all. I know you're gonna love it."
―Zack to Aerith, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"I was thinking it would be a normal day, but then suddenly... Some guy fell out of the sky."
―Aerith, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Those wings... I want them, too."
―Zack, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

    Zack: "My mom...how is she?"
    Cissnei: "She's worried. She thinks after all this, you won't be able to find a wife."
    — At Gongaga, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"The lust for vengeance that had so consumed my life is all but gone now. In it's place... is a desire to help you, a desire to save Genesis... No, it's bigger than that. I...I want to save the world."
―Lazard, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

    Zack: "Oh, what is that? They spoil him too much!"
    Tseng: "Why don't you say that to his face?"
    — about Sephiroth, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"I don't see Sephiroth today, but...are you game?"
―Genesis, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Unattainable dreams are the best kind."
―Lazard to Zack, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-

"Boy oh boy... The price of freedom is steep."
―Zack Fair, Crisis Core -Final Fantasy VII-


DIRGE OF CERBERUS

"It's time...to save the world."
―Vincent, Dirge of Cerberus -Final Fantasy VII-

"Now is not the time for slumber. We still have much work to do, my brother."
―Genesis, Dirge of Cerberus -Final Fantasy VII-

"Great. Snipers."
―Vincent Valentine, Dirge of Cerberus -Final Fantasy VII-

"Sexist!!"
―Yuffie to Cid, Dirge of Cerberus -Final Fantasy VII-
FINAL FANTASY VIII

"Why do people depend on each other? In the end you're on your own."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"To tell you the truth... I worry too much about what others think of me. I hate that side of me... That's why I didn't want anyone to get to know me. I wanted to hide that side of myself. I hate it. Squall is an unfriendly introverted guy. It made it easy for me when people perceived me that way. That's a secret between you and me. Got that?"
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"It's our nature. There is no real reason...maybe we were born...only to fight..."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"I'm not having anyone talk about me in the past tense!!"
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"As long as you don't get your hopes up, you can take anything... You feel less pain."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"Reality isn't so kind. Everything doesn't work out the way you want it to."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"Right and wrong are not what separate us and our enemies. It's our different standpoints, our perspectives that separate us. Both sides blame one another. There's no good or bad side. Just two sides holding different views."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"I dreamt I was a moron..."
―Squall after dreaming he was Laguna., Final Fantasy VIII

"I hate having nothing to do. It gets me thinking too much."
―Squall Leonhart, Final Fantasy VIII

"...A speech? Forget it. Cut the mic!"
―Squall when Nida offers to let him address the Garden as its newly promoted commander., Final Fantasy VIII

"No matter what happens, even if you become the world's enemy, I'll be your knight."
―Squall to Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"........."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"...Whatever."
―Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"Are you listening, Squall?"
―Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"You're-going-to-like-me... You're-going-to-like-me... Did it work?"
―Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"Oh, what an easy life it must be, just to follow orders..."
―Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"Y'know, when you start thinking, you tend to frown like this *imitates Squall*."
―Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"You know... You're always too deep in thought. Why don't you lighten up a little? It's not good to think too much. "
―Rinoa, Final Fantasy VIII

"I don't want the future. I want the present to stand still. I just want to stay here with you..."
―Rinoa to Squall, Final Fantasy VIII

"Squall, it's not like everyone can get by on their own, you know?"
―Quistis, Final Fantasy VIII

"If you think and worry too much, everything tends to turn out bad."
―Quistis, Final Fantasy VIII

"You know, the boys often choke on this test when I come with them. I guess my charm makes them nervous."
―Quistis, Final Fantasy VIII

"Well, Zell was riding his T-Board in the hallways of Garden. He made a sharp turn and went straight into the woman's res..."
―Quistis while recalling Zell's "famous" incident, Final Fantasy VIII

"We're on your team, Instructor. Let's kick some ass!"
―Zell, Final Fantasy VIII

"Why don't you try to show a little more passion...? You know, like me!"
―Zell, Final Fantasy VIII

"D-Do you have any...hot dogs left?"
―Zell, Final Fantasy VIII

"YOU STUPID IDIOT!"
―Zell, Final Fantasy VIII

"You tell us to go, we go. Even if it's a losing battle."
―Zell, Final Fantasy VIII

"SeeD! SeeeeD! SeeeeeeeD!"
―Selphie, Final Fantasy VIII

"Super-Duper-Mega-Bummer!!"
―Selphie, Final Fantasy VIII

"Train Train, Take Us Away, Take Us Away, Far Away, To The Future, We Will Go, Where it Leads, No One Knows"
―Selphie "singing", Final Fantasy VIII

"...I... I did it, everyone...! I know the stage got destroyed, but I performed... My dream band... I was able to carry out my dream..."
―Selphie talking to a friend's grave, Final Fantasy VIII

"Sharpshooters are loners by nature... We hone our instincts, pour our whole being in a single bullet. The pressure of the moment... An instant of tension... That's what... I have to face alone..."
―Irvine, Final Fantasy VIII

"Someone might not be there. Someone you love may disappear before your very eyes. It's tough when you live your life thinking that way. But that's why I fight..."
―Irvine, Final Fantasy VIII

"You've all heard this before. How life has infinite possibilities. I don't believe that one bit. There weren't many paths for me to choose. Sometimes, there would only be one. From the limited possibilities I faced, the choices I made have brought me this far. That's why I value the path I chose... I want to hold true to the path that HAD to be taken."
―Irvine, Final Fantasy VIII

"Thanks for the support, but I never miss my target."
―Irvine, Final Fantasy VIII

"It's not like I drifted here on the tides of fate. I'm here because I chose to be here."
―Irvine, Final Fantasy VIII

"The way I see it, as long as you make it out of a battle alive, you're one step closer to fulfilling your dream."
―Seifer, Final Fantasy VIII

"Listen up! Teamwork means staying out of my way. It's a Squad B rule."
―Seifer, Final Fantasy VIII

"This is great... I have a Chicken-wuss and a guy who just reached puberty in my squad..."
―Seifer, Final Fantasy VIII

"This is reality. No one can help you. Sit back and enjoy the show."
―Edea, Final Fantasy VIII

"...Lowlifes. ...Shameless filthy wretches. How you celebrate my ascension with such joy. Hailing the very one whom you have condemned for generations. Have you no shame? What happened to the evil, ruthless sorceress from your fantasies? The cold-blooded tyrant that slaughtered countless men and destroyed many nations? Where is she now? She stands before your very eyes to become your new ruler. HAHAHAHAHA. A new era has just begun. This is reality. No one can help you. Sit back and enjoy the show."
―Edea to the people of Deling City, Final Fantasy VIII

"But...who cares!? I speak with passion, from the heart! That's what matters most."
―Laguna, Final Fantasy VIII

"Oh well, nothing's cheaper than something free."
―Laguna, Final Fantasy VIII

"And so, Laguna runs for dear life."
―Kiros narrating Laguna's escape from a dragon on a movie set, Final Fantasy VIII

"She got upset and put fruit jam in your shoes. You were almost in tears!"
―Kiros reminding Laguna on an incident involving Ellone, Final Fantasy VIII

"RAGE!"
―Fujin, Final Fantasy VIII

"PERSUASION, USELESS. SEIZE!"
―Fujin, Final Fantasy VIII

"POSSE... We are. We always will be. Because we're a posse, we want to help you. Whatever it takes to fulfill your dream, we're willing to do."
―Fujin talking to Seifer, Final Fantasy VIII

"I heard that you guys are, like, mercenaries, and basically fight anybody for money. Are you happy with that kind of life?"
―Citizen of Fisherman's Horizon, Final Fantasy VIII

    Quistis: "I'll be announcing the squad assignments for the exam now. Let's see... You'll be with... Zell Dincht. Quite a lively fellow."
    Squall: "Lively? He's just loud. Can't I switch members?"
    — before the SeeD field exam, Final Fantasy VIII

"You can find out things about the past that you never knew. And from what you've learned, you may see some things differently in the present. You're the one that changes. Not the past."
―Ellone, Final Fantasy VIII

"SEED...Swarming like lokusts!"
―Ultimecia about SEED, before the final battle, Final Fantasy VIII

"I am Ultimecia. Time shall compress... ...All existence denied."
―Ultimecia during final battle, Final Fantasy VIII

"Life and death, victory and defeat, honor and disgrace... Each of these go hand in hand. There's only one way or the other. How 'bout it? Are you still up for it?"
―Headmaster Cid, Final Fantasy VIII

"Oh how I love thee Instructor Quistis, I cannot sleep at night thinking of your radiating beauty, that is why I am always falling asleep in class...Oh...how sinful you are..."
―Trepie Groupie #1, Final Fantasy VIII

"First Issue!!! Galbadia's dictator, President Vinzer Deling Special! How does he stay in power!? We reveal his darkest secrets!!!"
―Anarchist Monthly magazine, Final Fantasy VIII

"You think we built a village three-hundred, twenty-three meters underground just for fun? Actually it was quite fun..."
―Shumi tribe Specialist, Final Fantasy VIII

"Congratulations. You're home free, Ragnarok. And...There's one more thing we need to tell you. From all of us at Ground Control, we wish you godspeed."
―Esthar Ground Control, Final Fantasy VIII

"Have you seen the light?"
―Bahamut when defeated, Final Fantasy VIII

"Ahhh! Damn it! Y-You're just a big loser! I'm able to skip the rock as many times as I want! So there! Ha-Ha! Loser! Moron! Idiot! Your mum wears combat boots!"
―Mr. Monkey, Final Fantasy VIII
FINAL FANTASY IX

"Come on, Princess. Let's ditch Sir Rustalot and get outta here!"
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"You're all a bunch of babysitting bastards! But trust me, I know that I'm the worst bastard here."
―Zidane to his friends, Final Fantasy IX

"Sometimes you can't think everything out. You have to listen to your heart."
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"Yo pops, I'll have the stupid special."
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"T'is foolishness! If all were so easy, why, none would suffer in this world!"
―Zidane performing in I Want to be Your Canary, Final Fantasy IX

"I have to find out who I am... I'm scared... What if I'm not even human...?"
―Vivi, Final Fantasy IX

"Bah! Only a flesh wound!"
―Steiner, Final Fantasy IX

"Yeah! What's there to think about!? She's cute...and she's in trouble. That's all that matters."
―Zidane, upon deciding to search for princess Garnet in Evil Forest., Final Fantasy IX

"Rusty!?! I am Sir Adelbert Steiner of Alexandria!"
―Steiner, Final Fantasy IX

"I'm not here to help. I just want it to be fair."
―Amarant, Final Fantasy IX

"The answer you seek may forever change your life for the worse."
―Freya, Final Fantasy IX

"World very simple place. World only have two things: things you can eat and things you no can eat."
―Quina, Final Fantasy IX

"Ooo, soft!"
―Zidane when he brushes Garnet's rear, Final Fantasy IX

"There no munchies here, sand taste good though."
―Quina, Final Fantasy IX

"You stand here say nothing, then you just like other dummy-dummies! No can tell difference!"
―Quina, Final Fantasy IX

"Don't eat me! I won't taste good!"
―Eiko, Final Fantasy IX

"I'm not gonna cry! I'm a grown-up now, and crying won't help one bit!"
―Eiko, Final Fantasy IX

"Garland? Ooooo, THAT's a sinister name!"
―Eiko, Final Fantasy IX

"So, this must be Garland's haunted mansion...talk about bad taste in interior decorating."
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"Why should the world exist without me? That wouldn't be fair. If I die, we all die!"
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"Her ugliness and stupidity are impressive."
―Kuja about Queen Brahne, Final Fantasy IX

"The weak lose their freedom to the strong. Such is the way of the strong. And it is the providence of nature that only the strong survive. That is why I needed strength."
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"Peace is but a shadow of death, desperate to forget its painful past... Though we hope for promising years. After shedding a thousand tears, yesterday's sorrow constantly nears. And while the moon still shines blue, by dawn, it will turn to scarlet hue."
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"I once killed a hundred knights single-handedly... To me, you two are nothing more than insects."
―Beatrix, Final Fantasy IX

"Allow me to shatter your delusions of grandeur."
―Beatrix, Final Fantasy IX

"Aiya! What big stone! Why you all watch stone? Is stone edible? Or is for barbecue? No answer... I think I lick it. You no answer, so you no mind, right? Hmm... Is very salty."
―Quina, Final Fantasy IX

"Get off me you scumbag!"
―Princess Garnet, Final Fantasy IX

"This cowgirl's wilder than a buckin' bronco!"
―Ruby, about Princess Garnet, Final Fantasy IX

"He's really ticking me off! Can I kill him?"
―Eiko, about Soulcage, Final Fantasy IX

"Think for a moment... Isn't life death itself? It must kill other life-forms to survive... Sometimes it even kills those with whom it shares blood... To live is to give life meaning, yet one must take others' lives to survive... A mature civilization becomes aware of this paradox..."
―Garland, Final Fantasy IX

"I hate kids."
―Amarant, Final Fantasy IX

"You stand before the final dimension, and I am the darkness of eternity... All life bears death from birth. Life fears death, but lives only to die. It starts with anxiety. Anxiety becomes fear. Fear leads to anger...anger leads to hate...hate leads to suffering... The only cure for this fear is total destruction."
―Necron, Final Fantasy IX

"I am eternal...as long as there is life and death."
―Necron, Final Fantasy IX

"Is the will to live that powerful?"
―Necron, Final Fantasy IX

"This is my home. This is the place I call home. The man is still looking for his birthplace. But he already has a home."
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"In the end, it boils down to two simple choices. Either you do or you don't. You'd think with all the problems in this world, there'd be more answers. It's not fair... but that's the way things are. The choice is yours."
―Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"I shall petition for a life sentence on his behalf. Yes, that would be the honorable thing!"
―Steiner, Final Fantasy IX

"Mother... Zidane... No... I can't depend on them anymore! As the queen of Alexandria, I must protect my kingdom."
―Garnet, Final Fantasy IX

"If it weren't for you, I probably would've led a meaningless life. With you, I was able to see so much of the world and meet so many people."
―Garnet to Zidane, Final Fantasy IX

"I'd rather die as a warrior than live as a beggar."
―Amarant, Final Fantasy IX

"Ugh... I'm gonna die anyway... I won't have to be afraid anymore... But I refuse to die alone. You're all coming with me!"
―Trance Kuja prepares Ultima, Final Fantasy IX

"Whatever. Like you have a plan."
―Amarant, Final Fantasy IX

"Fratley... You never came back... You've left me with nothing except rumors of your death. I couldn't believe it! I still won't believe it! Never. Not until I witness proof of your death with my own eyes. And I will travel across the world forever if I must..."
―Freya, Final Fantasy IX

"Good food not only delicious! Good food made with heart! This very important when cooking for friends!"
―Quina, Final Fantasy IX

"Mwahaha... So the curtain rises! Perfect, my canary. Let me show you the truth about your mother! First Act: The End of the Ugly Desire. It's showtime!"
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"Peace is but a shadow of death, desperate to forget its painful past... Though we hope for promising years. After shedding a thousand tears, yesterday's sorrow constantly nears. And while the moon still shines blue, by dawn, it will turn to scarlet hue."
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"What comedy! Zidane, isn't it hilarious!? I'll die just like the black mages I so despise! I single-handedly brought chaos unto Gaia, but in the end, I'm nothing but a worthless doll! ... I won't let it happen. I won't... I won't let this world exist without me!"
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"My sweet angel, come to me. I will take you to a world of dreams."
―Kuja, Final Fantasy IX

"I commend your courage, but I shall show you no mercy."
―Beatrix, Final Fantasy IX

"I don' t know... Fear? I don't want to stop. And maybe I want to run away from it all. But living in the village with everyone fills me with joy. The joy of living with them far outweighs the fear of death. Isn't it the same for you? Traveling with your friends gives your life meaning."
―Black Mage No.288, Final Fantasy IX

"I don't think we build cemeteries for the dead. Sure, it may seem pointless to you, but... How can I describe it? It's so that we can think like this: "We'll never forget you. We'll remember you every time we stand at your grave. And we won't let the fear of death, which each of us knows, stop us from living our lives. Because my friends will remember me when I'm here.""
―Black Mage No.288, Final Fantasy IX

"I'm telling you, she was too shy to hand me the letter herself! And if you don't think I'm a ladies' man, you're wrong. Chicks are intimidated by good-looking guys."
―Blank, Final Fantasy IX

"Life is connected, one to another... If you trace the root of all life, there exists one source."
―Garland, Final Fantasy IX

"I'm kupo for kupo nuts!"
―Moguta, Final Fantasy IX

"Dammit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a miracle worker. Ask someone else!"
―Old Man, Final Fantasy IX

    Zidane: "If you need to, you can cry, too, Garnet. My shoulder's always available."
    Princess Garnet: "Yeah, thanks."
    — When Eiko almost cries, Final Fantasy IX

    Princess Garnet: "No, no. We're just friends."
    Zidane: "Well, I guess that's better than nothing..."
    — When Zidane calls her his wife, Final Fantasy IX

    Princess Garnet: "Remember, we're only married while we're here."
    Zidane: "Bliss is so fleeting..."
    — After getting married at Conde Petie, Final Fantasy IX

    Princess Garnet: "Zidane... Vivi just walked out."
    Zidane: "Maybe he's letting us have a little romantic quiet time."
    — At Black Mage Village, Final Fantasy IX

    Princess Garnet: "Why, you-don't you feel anything!? Taking the lives of so many..."
    Kuja: "Spare me the lecture. Lives come and go all the time. What's the big deal?"
    — At the Iifa Tree, Final Fantasy IX

    Zidane: "Geez... All s/he ever thinks about is food."
    Garnet: "Well, all you ever think about is girls..."
    — Watching Quina, Final Fantasy IX

    Zidane: "You can stop the frog-talk now."
    Cid: "S-Silence! Ribbit!"
    — After Cid is restored, Final Fantasy IX

"Gee... you're a soldier for cryin' out loud."
―Old Man to Steiner, Final Fantasy IX

"It's been six months since I started living in Conde Petie... The food here is great, and the people are very nice. Kupo. But... But... The only thing I can't get used to is the 'Rally-ho!' I keep saying 'Rally-kupo!'"
―Mognet letter, Final Fantasy IX

"We live not to forget our past, but to learn from it!"
―Freya Crescent, Final Fantasy IX

"Do not fret! Your Captain is about to enter Valhalla!"
―Beatrix, Final Fantasy IX

    Zidane: "Quite a woman, you fell in love with!"
    Steiner: "You're one to talk!"
    — Beatrix arrives to assist them, Final Fantasy IX

"Chivalry requires a knight to look after his comrades-in-arms. I will not abandon you! And I shall follow you to kingdom come if I must. You remember that!"
―Adelbert Steiner, Final Fantasy IX
FINAL FANTASY X

"Now! This is it! Now is the time to choose! Die and be free of pain or live and fight your sorrow! Now is the time to shape your stories! Your fate is in your hands!"
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"Your pain shall be twofold!"
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"This is for the fallen!"
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"Fine, we rest. She's worse than the storm."
―Auron, about Rikku, Final Fantasy X

"I am the trouble maker, after all."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"The fayth are the ones that give power to the summoners—not the temples or the teachings. If the temples try to stop us, then we will defy Yevon if we must."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"This is my story. It'll go the way I want it...or I'll end it here!"
―Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"I thought about a lot of things, like...where I was, what I'd got myself into. I started to feel...light-headed, and then, sleepy. ... I think I had a dream—a dream of being alone. I wanted someone—anyone—beside me, so I wouldn't have to feel alone anymore."
―Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"I want to be a blitzball when I grow up!"
―NPC, Final Fantasy X

"Ha...Ha...Ha...Ha...Ha"
―Tidus and Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"No matter how dark the night, morning always comes, and our journey begins anew."
―Lulu, Final Fantasy X

"Interesting. I suppose I could add you to my list. I wish you good luck, little boy. You're going to need it."
―Lulu when being flirted by Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"Heh! You got tall, but you're all bones! You eatin' right boy?"
―Jecht, Final Fantasy X

"Come to kill the old man? I welcome it!"
―Tromell, Final Fantasy X

"To destroy—to heal—Spira, I will become Sin."
―Seymour Guado, Final Fantasy X

"You say this is your story, but it's my story, too, you know."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"Thinking isn't getting us anywhere!"
―Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"We call it Sin."
―Auron to Tidus, Final Fantasy X

    Tidus: "Newbie here!"
    Wakka: "Sorry!"
    — In battle, after Wakka calls Tidus a newbie up against fiends, Final Fantasy X

"I hate this place."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"Some can't wait to die!"
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"I am calm about most things."
―Rin, Final Fantasy X

"Your hope ends here! And your meaningless existence with it!"
―Seymour Guado, Final Fantasy X

"Pick spot. Shut up. Wait."
―Kimahri, Final Fantasy X

"Once Lady Yuna fixes her hair, we leave."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

    Lulu: "The guardian wyrm, Evrae. The great sacred beast-protector of Bevelle!"
    Auron: "The red carpet has teeth."
    — Flying to Bevelle, Final Fantasy X

    Auron: "We think, and we wait."
    Tidus: "Two things I'm bad at."
    — Thinking how to defeat Sin, Final Fantasy X

"Being dead has its advantages."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"O'aka the Twenty-third, merchant extraordinaire at your service!"
―O'aka XXIII, Final Fantasy X

"My thoughts exactly."
―Lulu to Wakka, Final Fantasy X

"Live and let live!"
―Tidus, when fleeing from battle, Final Fantasy X

"Listen to my story. This may be our last chance."
―Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"No promises there, big guy. Hey, but what if she, like, comes on to me?"
―Tidus talking to Wakka about Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"Every blitzer knows: when you got the ball, you gotta score!"
―Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"People die, and Yuna dances."
―Tidus, narrating on the sending, Final Fantasy X

"Lets go to the sea, before sunrise. The city lights go out, one by one, the stars fade, then the horizon glows, almost like it’s on fire. It's kinda rose-colored, right? First the sea, then it spreads to the sky, then to the whole city. It gets brighter and brighter till everything glows. It’s really pretty. I know you'd like it."
―Tidus describing Zanarkand to Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"So this is what it feels like. It's a much more wonderful feeling than anything I had ever imagined. Wonderful...but it hurts sometimes. I wonder. I just want to say thank you for everything. Maybe that's why it hurts. When I think about us never being together again at all, I'm afraid."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"I only have as many guardians as there are people I can trust. I trust them all with my life! To have so many guardians is a joy, and an honour! Even more so than being my father's daughter."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"I fight for Spira. The people long for the Calm. I can give it to them. It's all I can give. Defeating Sin, ending pain... this I can do."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"It would be so easy...to let my fate just carry me away...following this same path my whole life through. But I know...I can't. What I do, I do...with no regrets."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"My father... I loved him. So I... I will live with my sorrow, I will live my own life! I will defeat sorrow, in his place. I will stand my ground and be strong. I don't know when it will be, but someday... I will conquer it. And I will do it without... false hope."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"The road is ahead of us, so let's start out today. Just, one more thing... the people and the friends that we have lost, or the dreams that have faded... Never forget them."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X

"If we should get separated, just whistle. I'll come running. I promise."
―Yuna to Tidus, Final Fantasy X

"This is the only time! The players fight with all their strength: the fans cheer for their favorite team. They forget pain, suffering... Only the game matters!"
―Wakka, Final Fantasy X

"Hope is comforting."
―Yunalesca, Final Fantasy X

"Our new goal...is victory! To win every match, defeat every opposing team! To bring the Crystal Cup back to our island! That's all we need to do to win! Easy, ya?"
―Wakka, Final Fantasy X

"Sin is cursed. Sin prays. It curses its form, it prays for dissolution. Sin sees dreams of its own destruction. Sin is looking at us. We live in a fading echo of time left us by the destroyer. Free him from Yu Yevon. Free him....the fayth that has become sin."
―Valefor's fayth, Final Fantasy X

"Well, well, well! If it isn't the Besaid Aurochs! They're a living, breathing, statistical impossibility! I've never seen a team this bad!"
―Bobba the blitzball announcer, Final Fantasy X

"I wanted to change the world too, but I changed nothing."
―Auron, Final Fantasy X

"Memories are nice, but that's all they are."
―Rikku, Final Fantasy X

"Yu Yevon was once a summoner, long ago. He was peerless. Yet now he lives for one purpose: only to summon. He is neither good, nor evil. He is awake, yet he dreams. But...maybe not forever."
―Fayth, Final Fantasy X
FINAL FANTASY X-2

"Y.R.P. In position. It’s showtime, girls."
―Rikku, Final Fantasy X-2

"Snake...? Snake!? SNAAAAKE!!!"
―Rikku, Final Fantasy X-2

    Rikku: "Think we need a password?"
    Paine: "How about "kick-its-ass"?"
    — Upon encountering a Guardian Beast, Final Fantasy X-2

"You think waiting will get me to talk? Sorry, Yuna, My lips are sealed."
―Paine, Final Fantasy X-2

"I won't let myself be used anymore. Not by anyone."
―Yuna to Lulu, Final Fantasy X-2

"I don't like your plan. It sucks."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"Do you know what it felt like to watch them die? Right before my eyes? It was the only thing we could do. It was the only choice we had. I gave in, I accepted, I believed. I allowed it to be true. I thought I'd be able to go through with it without ever doubting myself. But I... It hurts so much."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"Spira grows brighter with each passing day. That light is our strength. I don't want to see it fade."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"I guess everyone's like this. We cling to our secrets, our doubts, our memories...we're never able to put them aside. Even though they confuse us, there are some things we can only find in that confusion."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"Everyone was so happy. "Great job, Yuna. You did it. You saved us all." There were too many smiles to count... and I know that I was smiling, too. But now... when I look back... the people who should be here aren't. The ones who should be smiling with me aren't here."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"No. I don't want this any more. I don't want friends to die... or fade away. I don't want battles where we have to lose in order to win."
―Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"The amazing chocobo has brought back... absolutely nothing. The amazing chocobo didn't find any treasure."
―Game message, Final Fantasy X-2

"I always try to cram myself into some kinda mold, you know? A blitzer, or a guardian, or a follower of Yevon... And now, a father. I always get so wound up about what I should be. But you know, in the end I'm just me. Anyway, I can't keep coming up with new Wakkas all the time, eh? So it looks like I'll just have to start doing things my way. That's the way I'll write our story."
―Wakka, Final Fantasy X-2

"This moment's enough. I don't need anything else. Just knowing how you feel is enough."
―Lenne to Shuyin, Final Fantasy X-2

"Who's on top now, Dullwings? It'll be a thousand years before you can take on the mighty Leblanc."
―Leblanc, Final Fantasy X-2

"So much has happened! And I'm sure it's only the beginning. Through the smiles, tears...through the anger, and the laughter that follows. I know that I will keep changing. This is my story. It will be a good one. It all began when I saw this sphere of you."
―Yuna

"Hero. Summoner. Doormat."
―Shinra describing Yuna, Final Fantasy X-2

"Welcome to your doom, starring me!"
―Rikku when spherechanging into Songstress, Final Fantasy X-2

    Yuna: "Dyga ouin deh lyh yht cruja ed!"
    Al Bhed: "E mega ouin yddedita. Kiacc E ryja du piemt y cdnuhkan machina."
    — Yuna and an Al Bhed, after the first Experiment battle, Final Fantasy X-2

FINAL FANTASY XI

"Here's a linkshell, tell somebody who cares!"
―Honoi-Gomoi, Final Fantasy XI

"Forever! Always! Until death! You mercenaries are my pawns."
―Naja Salaheem, Final Fantasy XI

"People are capable of kindness beyond angels, yet we also commit sins that would put a demon to shame... We all stand precariously on the edge between darkness and light... And when we fall, we are greeted only by madness and chaos."
―Raogrimm, Final Fantasy XI

"Cornelia... Finally, we may meet again..."
―Raogrimm, Final Fantasy XI

"Warkkkkk!!! Gweh!!!! Warkkkk"
―Lonely Chocobo, Final Fantasy XI

"Ohohohohoho!"
―Shantotto, Final Fantasy XI

"If you guys don't get your act together, I am ganna kick you into next watersday!"
―Prishe, Final Fantasy XI

"Ah! It's the dead lady/man!"
―Prishe, referring to the player, who was presumably dead earlier, Final Fantasy XI

"That tall guy in weird clothes says he's from some place called sandy-oreos."
―A young Mithra in Kazham, Final Fantasy XI

"Nothing to be concerned about, Your Magnificence. Mercenaries are trained to sleep anywhere, anytime if the opportunity presents itself."
―Naja Salaheem, after Abquhbah faints when he realizes that he's speaking to the empress, Final Fantasy XI

"You press seal here. Then all your Jeuno are belong to us!"
―One-eyed Gwajboj, during the signing of Jeuno's surrender in the Crystal War, Final Fantasy XI

    Cid: " ...Raibaht, old buddy, if you brought the thing, don't just stand there, say something!"
    Raibaht: "...I brought the thing."
    — , Final Fantasy XI

"Mine obsidian blade shall split atwain the threads of thy future, whilst its crimson fuller shalt channel the lifeblood of thy past. Now wail as thy soul is bestrewn across the plains of Valhalla!"
―Odin performing Zantetsuken, Final Fantasy XI

"Accept thy destruction... Wish for eternity...yearn for immortality... Sense thy transience...know thy insignificance... ΩΩΩΩΩΩΩ"
―Alexander performing Divine Judgment, Final Fantasy XI

"I will break your body and sear it to ash, scattered by the wind—never again will you return to the earth of Vana'diel!"
―Bahamut performing Gigaflare, Final Fantasy XI

"C'mon, time to laugh in the face of oblivion!"
―Prishe, Final Fantasy XI

"Lessee... Bring me slices of dhalmel meat. I need two of them for this recipe I "cooked up." Heh-heh, I kill me."
―Rycharde, cook at the Sailor's Stay in Mhaura, Final Fantasy XI

"That stone...It is...It is—No!! The horror! The Pain! Love! Love will be the ruin of us all!"
―Stary Sibyl, Final Fantasy XI

    Iron Eater: "We Mythril Musketeers cannot chaperone you every time you decide to go on these excursions..."
    Cornelia: "I know, that's why I'm going by myself! Don't worry, I'll be fine! Bye!-"
    — Iron Eater and Cornelia, Final Fantasy XI

"I've told you before that diseases know no borders. Every patient needs a doctor; nationality and status matter not."
―Monberaux, Final Fantasy XI

"Everyone talks to me now that I've planted them. That makes me so happy. So, even if the flowers never bloom, it was still good."
―Fickblix, Goblin in Jeuno, about the flowers he planted, Final Fantasy XI

"Just you watch them wither and die."
―Geebeh, Galkan youth, about the flowers Fickblix planted in Jeuno, Final Fantasy XI

"I can never figger out why he's gotta be so buddy-buddy with all them people!"
―Muckvix, Goblin in Jeuno, about Fickblix, Final Fantasy XI

"Remember one thing: you are an adventurer, not a hero. You have no duty to the majority—especially one that chooses to stay idle at a time like this. Go on this mission for your own gain. That is the Bastonkan way."
―President Karst, Final Fantasy XI

"What? You saw a ghost of a red mage—of Rainemard? You say that it is not a dream, that the dead give away boots? This is evil you speak! "
―Shamonde, Final Fantasy XI
FINAL FANTASY XII

"Much more running around with bangaa at my heels and I'm like to give up sky-pirating altogether."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"With each passing day, the world finds new and exciting ways to kill a man."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"I said you're the one that stinks, ham shanks. Hear me now?"
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"Agents masquerading as guides. A hideout at the back of a tavern. Not exactly earning high marks for originality, are we?"
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"Hmm... I daresay I soiled my cuffs. If a dungeon is waiting for us at the end of the night, it had best have a change of wardrobe."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"I play the leading man; who else?"
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"Man cannot live by resolve alone, Princess."
―Balthier to Ashe, Final Fantasy XII

"I'm here to see how the story unfolds. Any self-respecting leading man would do the same."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"I always knew Fran didn't take well to being tied up. I just never knew how much."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"Believe what you want to. Whatever it takes to make you happy. What's done is done."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

    Ashe: "In this Esper we now command rests a power whose worth is beyond any measure."
    Balthier: "Is that so? Call me old-fashioned, but I was hoping for a treasure whose worth we could measure."
    — After defeating Belias, Final Fantasy XII

    Vaan: "I've got a good feeling."
    Larsa: "This is the way!"
    — Vaan and Larsa, saying Errands lines from Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy XII

    Fran: "The Gods do not smile on us."
    Balthier: "I like it better that way."
    — Infiltrating the palace during a rebel attack, Final Fantasy XII

    Fran: "I'd say you're in more of a supporting role."
    Balthier: "Fran, please."
    — When Balthier calls himself the leading man, Final Fantasy XII

    Vaan: "Let go of me!"
    Balthier: "Keep this up and I will."
    — On Fran's hoverbike, Final Fantasy XII

"Don't listen to Ondore's lies!"
―Vaan, Final Fantasy XII

"I'm Captain Basch!"
―Vaan, Final Fantasy XII

"Dalmasca does not forget kindness nor ill deed done. With sword in hand she aids her allies. Sword in hand, she lays to rest her foes."
―Ashe, Final Fantasy XII

"You're a sky pirate, aren't you? Then steal me. Is that so much to ask?"
―Ashe, Final Fantasy XII

    Fran: "Our ranks grow by the hour."
    Balthier: "And our troubles with them."
    — Meeting Amalia, Final Fantasy XII

"If I could protect but one person from war's horror... then I would bear any shame. I would bear it proudly."
―Basch, Final Fantasy XII

"Stay away!!! Power-needy hume!"
―Mjrn, Final Fantasy XII

    Vaan: "So, this Jules...is he an old friend of yours, Balthier? You two seemed...close."
    Balthier: "Close enough for fisticuffs..."
    — on an air cab in Archades, Final Fantasy XII

    Vossler: "Your cage may have no bars, but it is a cage. The eyes of the resistance watch unblinking."
    Basch: "Let them watch. I know something of cages."
    — Rabanastre, Final Fantasy XII

    Balthier: "An Atomos? All skiff, no ship. Hardly fit for a leading man."
    Vaan: "So I can fly it then?"
    — Basch & Vaan, Final Fantasy XII

"Remember what curiosity killed, just a friendly word of advice!"
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"At least we thought to bring entertainment."
―Balthier watching Vaan and Penelo argue, Final Fantasy XII

"Too late and to their sorrow do those who misplace their trust in Gods learn their fate."
―Judge Bergan, Final Fantasy XII

"Hark! Ivalice hails her true Dynast-King, Vayne Solidor! He shall defy the will of the Gods, and see the reins of history back in the hands of man. His time is nigh!"
―Judge Bergan, Final Fantasy XII

"Venat is a heretic!"
―Gerun, Final Fantasy XII

    Balthier: "You made your nethicite for this. You mimic your Occuria's Stone for what? To become a god yourself?"
    Dr. Cid: "On whose shoulders better to stand than those of the would-be gods!"
    — At the Sun-Cryst, Final Fantasy XII

"Permit me to ask...who are you? An angel of vengeance? Or perchance, a saint of salvation?"
―Vayne to Ashe, Final Fantasy XII

"Behold the manufacted nethicite...the fruit of our power and knowledge! See what the Stone of Man is capable of! Witness its power with your own eyes! Famfrit! To me!"
―Dr. Cid, Final Fantasy XII

"Shards of nethicite! Cocoon of the Sun-Cryst! Spill forth your Mist upon this Ivalice! Let sea and sky be awash by it, that Bahamut may come and drink his fill!"
―Dr. Cid, Final Fantasy XII

"Yes, it was I who wore Basch's face—who cut down the life of Dalmasca. Lady Ashe! Your father's murderer is here!"
―Judge Gabranth, Final Fantasy XII

    Balthier: "Was there no other way?"
    Dr. Cid: "Heh. Spend your pity elsewhere. If you are to set on running, hadn't you best be off? Fool of a pirate."
    — After Cid's defeat, Final Fantasy XII

"I, Judge Magister, condemn you to oblivion!"
―Reddas attacks the Sun-Cryst, Final Fantasy XII

"Our dear Cid? Slain by his son. A common tale of late."
―Vayne, Final Fantasy XII

"BURN IN HELL, GABRANTH!!!"
―Vayne, Final Fantasy XII

"Fools! You face the mightiest swordsman in all Ivalice! You face ME! GILGAMESH!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy XII

"That was merely a test of your strength mortals, a prelude if you will, the real contest begins now!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy XII

    Balthier: "Ah! The prison repository of wrested relics and raiments."
    Vaan: "So... our things are in here?"
    — In Nalbina Dungeon, Final Fantasy XII

"But, you know, no matter how hard we try, we can't change the past. There's nothing that can bring them back. Still, sometimes, when I close my eyes… I can see them so clearly."
―Penelo, Final Fantasy XII

"The Illusions of the past. You think to have cast them off, only to find them years later, unwearying, unrelenting. The past can bind a man as surely as irons."
―Reddas, Final Fantasy XII

"Nice, Vaan."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII

"Surprisingly rude."
―Larsa to Vaan, Final Fantasy XII

"I am simply myself. No more and no less. And I want only to be free."
―Ashelia B'nargin Dalmasca to Vayne Carudas Solidor, Final Fantasy XII

"Your words are the howling of the sand to my ears! I condemn you to dust!"
―Queen of the Urutan, Final Fantasy XII

"In this sanctum shall the pilgrim find truth and illusion both. Illusion betokens the true way."
―Feywood Glyph, Final Fantasy XII
FINAL FANTASY XII: REVENANT WINGS

"What are you prattling on about? Cut or be cut, but be on with't!"
―Ba'Gamnan, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"Illusion is the only true reality."
―Judge of Wings, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"We aegyl are not complete. We lack the heart that makes you humes whole."
―Llyud, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"To live without one's anima is not truly to live."
―Mydia, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"The aegyl are no illusions. We do not vanish with the breaking of dawn."
―Llyud, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"Roses have thorns—this much I've come to expect. But you, my dear, poison yours."
―Balthier to the Judge of Wings, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"I try not to ask questions I won't like the answer to."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"Aye, enjoy the spectacle while you can. The worm will turn!"
―Ba'Gamnan, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"No! The dead will find no release in blood. Perhaps I am no true judge, but the future is built on more than what is passed. A man whose gaze bends ever back cannot hope to find his way forward. You would bind yourself to illusions, to the fallen. I will cut you free of those bonds!"
―Basch fon Ronsenburg, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

    Fran: "He saved both the aegyl and the Strahl—no mean feat."
    Balthier: "I should hope he can manage that much by now."
    — About Vaan, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

    Vaan: "Since when am I Balthier's apprentice?"
    Balthier: "Not the first time I've heard that joke. I'm still not laughing."
    — To Fran, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings

"What is there to talk about? There, now we have talked."
―Llyud, Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings
FINAL FANTASY XIII

"You want quiet, you better take the next train."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"I do not like low-flying things trying to kill me!"
―Sazh, Final Fantasy XIII

    Yuj: "When's the wedding, lover boy?"
    Snow: "Don't worry, none of you are invited."
    — Snow and Yuj, Final Fantasy XIII

    Sazh: "Miracles out of misery. You've got to be kidding me"
    Hope: "Yeah Fang. Who'd be dumb enough to swallow that crock?"
    — Rescuing Fang from Orphan, Final Fantasy XIII

    Snow: "We've got a wedding to plan!"
    Sazh: "You don't waste time do ya?"
    — During the ending, Final Fantasy XIII

    Orphan: "You overreach yourselves."
    Lightning: "No. We overreach you."
    — Before the final battle, Final Fantasy XIII

"You go skirt searching, I take care of the kids, some husband!"
―Gadot to Snow, Final Fantasy XIII

"If we have the power to destroy Cocoon, then we have the power to save it! You say you want your Day of Wrath, do ya? Well it's coming right up!"
―Hope, Final Fantasy XIII

"Look at these things! I just wanna squeeze 'em till they pop!"
―Vanille upon seeing the Nautilus sheep, Final Fantasy XIII

    Vanille: "Did we get 'em?"
    Lightning: "We got one of 'em."
    — after shooting down an enemy airship, Final Fantasy XIII

"A target's a target."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"It's not a question of can or can't. There are some things in life you just do."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"I'm not all smiles and sunshine!"
―Vanille upon changing paradigms, Final Fantasy XIII

"I can barely keep myself alive, let alone some helpless kid!"
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"The people don't know any better. Strike the phantoms down before their eyes and they sleep like babes."
―Cid Raines, Final Fantasy XIII

"He's too stubborn to die. And that's his best quality. He's arrogant and cocky from the get-go. Thinks he's everybody's pal. Never liked him much."
―Lightning, about Snow, Final Fantasy XIII

"Our Focus doesn't matter. I don't take orders from fal'Cie. How I live is up to me."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"I was born into a fal'Cie world, raised on a fal'Cie leash. It was the only life knew how to live. When it was taken from me, I was completely lost. Without a master to follow, my life had no purpose."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"Sanctum logic. They conjured up the Purge to eliminate a threat. I mean–why carry the danger all the way to Pulse? Why not just stamp it out here? Execution masquerading as exile. That's all the Purge ever was."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"Lightning... It flashes bright, then fades away. It can't protect, and only destroys."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

    Snow: "Hey Sis. Is that you?"
    Lightning: "I'm not your sister!"
    — Snow and Lightning, in Palumpolum, Final Fantasy XIII

"You think you die, and that's that?! You think you die an' everything'll be sugar and rainbows?!"
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII

"Enough... is enough."
―Sazh Katzroy, while attempting to shoot himself, Final Fantasy XIII

"You let me land this bird, or I will crash her into your ass!"
―Rygdea, Final Fantasy XIII

"Alright. Time to split, not run. There's a difference."
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII

    Fang: "Believe in Lady Luck now?"
    Sazh: "Yeah—Lady Bad Luck!"
    — Whilst riding a Garuda Interceptor, Final Fantasy XIII

    Sazh: "You're never alone in hell."
    Fang: "Listen, funnyman, don't call this place hell, all right?"
    — Sazh and Fang, on Gran Pulse, Final Fantasy XIII

"Your kind feared the darkness, so we gave you light. You begged us for the Purge, and did it not come to pass? Now you spurn our counsel? You must learn your place!"
―Barthandelus, Final Fantasy XIII

"You get it now. There are no gods with miracles to save us, no matter where you look. That's why we have to call one."
―Galenth disguised as Serah, Final Fantasy XIII

"Look. Branded by Pulse. I'm a l'Cie. Enemy of Cocoon. Danger to us all."
―Serah to Snow, Final Fantasy XIII

"It's too much, isn't it? Face it later."
―Vanille to Hope, Final Fantasy XIII

"This place was beautiful, and my Focus was to destroy it. I decided to do nothing and wait to become a Cie'th. But because I did nothing, others got dragged into this nightmare. And I was the one to blame."
―Vanille, Final Fantasy XIII

"Running away and leaving behind the people you care about? That isn't love. Though you might just want to keep them safe, shutting them out of your life only hurts them more. The point is, I have people I can count on. I'll make it through."
―Serah to Vanille, Final Fantasy XIII

    Rygdea: "So Raines, is this the Cocoon you dreamed of?"
    Raines: "My dream is but a fal'Cie's fancy now."
    — Rydgea and Raines, in Eden, Final Fantasy XIII

"Damn idealism! Ya feed it blood and it howls for more!"
―Rygdea, Final Fantasy XIII

"We are the Abandoned One, born but now to die. Our name is Orphan. By our hand, the world shall know redemption."
―Orphan, Final Fantasy XIII

"Okay, do not shake the slippery tube. We cool on this? Do not shake the slippery tube!"
―Sazh Katzroy in Lake Bresha, Final Fantasy XIII

"You don't believe in anything. You gave up on life before you were even born. Sat poisoning Cocoon from the inside, waiting for someone to come and destroy you. Sure, you think the end of the world is salvation. All you care about is death's release. So take it, and leave the rest of us alone. We don't think like that. When we think there's no hope left, we keep looking until we find some. Maybe Cocoon is past saving, but it's our home. And we'll protect it or die trying! We live to make the impossible possible. That is our Focus!"
―Lightning to Orphan, Final Fantasy XIII

"Pulse fal'Cie and l'Cie are bad news. That's why Cocoon kicked them out. Live too close to the fal'Cie? One-way ticket to Pulse! That's the Purge in a nutshell."
―Vanille, Final Fantasy XIII

"All this dampness is damp."
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII

"Find your own road to hell."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII

"Since when have heroes ever needed plans?"
―Snow Villiers, Final Fantasy XIII

"The hero always wins!"
―Snow Villiers when using Sovereign Fist, Final Fantasy XIII

"Time we gave the people what they really want."
―Sazh Katzroy, before the final battle, Final Fantasy XIII

"I'm here of my own accord, not by fal'Cie. Seeing you fight brought it all back. Brought back that future I once strove for. I, too, will challenge my fate."
―Cid Raines, Final Fantasy XIII
FINAL FANTASY XIII-2

"That's it. I've decided. Snow is always putting himself in danger trying to save others. So, I'm going save him. When I became a l'Cie, he did everything he could to help me. Now, it's my turn. I swear, I won't stop until I find him again."
―Serah Farron, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"It doesn't have to happen. Noel, we can change the future."
―Serah Farron, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"One more thing...Don't ever lay down and wait to die!"
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Humans aren't strong. They die easy."
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I lived at the end of days. I was the very last child to be born. As I grew up, everyone I knew died, one by one, until eventually it was just me. All of their dreams fell on my shoulders. I was their last hope."
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"You know, I couldn't do what you two do. Staying apart and doing your own thing, even though you love each other. You never know when someone might disappear from your life. Take it from me, you have to make every moment count."
―Noel Kreiss to Serah Farron, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Can you see me now, standing here in this place?"
―Noel Kreiss, in the ancient city of Paddra, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I know there are more people out there, somewhere. If we find them, Yeul won't have to feel so lonely anymore. She'll feel happy again."
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Charging ahead into an early grave. He acts like he's everyone's boss, just marches ahead and never thinks how much danger he's putting himself in. Idiots like that, they're all the same. Their heads in the clouds, thinking self-sacrifice can somehow save everyone. But people die anyway."
―Noel Kreiss on Snow Villiers, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"You're the worst of them all. I hate your kind! You think you're everyone's protector-everyone's hero-but who do you save, really? Do you even realize how useless you are!? Do you realize what you do to the people you're supposed to protect!?"
―Noel Kreiss to Snow Villiers, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I used to think the only way to make a better future was to change something right away, in the here and now. But creating something for people to build on, that's not a bad idea. Right? Even if it can't be completed in one lifetime, it's still worth starting. If you believe that someone in the next generation will take up the same ideal, then the dream lives on."
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Humanity is doomed to repeat the mistakes of the past. It's part of being human. But we also have the ability to build a new future."
―Noel Kreiss, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"That time was lost. Yet time continued onwards. Divine Etro. Go peacefully to your rest. I will stand guard over your legacy. This endless realm is awash with sadness. Life and death lose all meaning under the rolling waves of chaos. Valhalla. The currents of time do not touch its shores. In this world of lost moments, I begin my life anew."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Time flows without pause. In a world where I no longer exist, the future is about to change. Serah...The truth still survives, but only you remember it."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"When reaching for the future, we sometimes fall into the past. As we gaze upon events that cannot be changed, our hearts grow bitter with regret. And you, my dear Serah, will you encounter your past here? How will you choose to deal with that pain?"
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Because you're the only one who can. You crossed the Void and made it to Valhalla. You can find Serah, and together you can change the future."
―Lightning to Noel, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"People always say the future will be better. They believe the hardships of the present fade with the passage of time. And so we hope, waiting for a future brighter than today."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Each reunion is like a twist of the knife. The joy is ephemeral; it leaves fear in its wake...A fear that all too soon the time will come when you must bid farewell again. Yet you cannot help but long for the next encounter. Humanity's great frailty...We prefer past happiness to future uncertainty."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"When two people part and go their separate ways, their memories split as well. Some people wish they could go back and be be together like before. Others look forward to the day they can meet again."
―Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Warrior goddess...Now we cross swords!"
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I killed him. That is the law of the Guadrians. There can only be one."
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Time is our greatest obsession. Who has not dreamed of returning to the past, of changing the future? Imagine the power. To see how our choices affect our lives, and then return to undo them. Endless possibilities. Imagine the freedom to cross time and journey through the ages. The freedom to change the past, and bend history to your will. What would you do if you had that power? Could you eradicate the mistakes of history, and build a perfect future? Or would you be subject to fate, and be swept down the river of time... ...powerless to change your course?"
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Well? Are you ready to kill me?"
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I don't want to please her. I want to save her."
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Cast your shadow over all. Wings of night!"
―Caius Ballad summoning Chaos Bahamut, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I must thank you. In these final moments, I have met my finest opponent."
―Caius Ballad to Lightning, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Child of miracles. Traveler of time, guided by Etro. Listen to me. Each time you fulfill a wish of your heart, someone else's dream is shattered. You conjure miracles, but when you do, the seeds of tragedy are sown in other lives. Are you prepared to bear that burden? That responsibility?"
―Caius Ballad to Serah Farron, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Here in Valhalla, the chaos is my ally. Now let us decide the true history."
―Caius Ballad, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"It's strange. I knew all along this day was coming. But, I'm still not ready...to say goodbye. I wish we could stay together."
―Yeul, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"If you change the future, you change the past. You can remold history as your heart desires."
―Yeul, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"He is tasked with protecting the seeress and remembering her visions. Now and forever, he will remember the entire timeline. Caius, he is beyond death."
―Paddra Nsu-Yeul, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"The power to step outside the timeline. The power to witness the future. These gifts come from Etro. Her servants are known by her blessings."
―Yeul, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Servant of time. Daughter of chaos. Unto the world unseen, the untamed you guide."
―Mog, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Time for some moogle magic. Kupo!"
―Mog, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Tick-tock, the moogle clock runs on clockwork, kupo. If I forget to wind it up, it'll stop dead and we'll be in untimely trouble!"
―Mog in Time's Shell Fragment, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Splendiferous! I knew you two could do it, kupo kupo!"
―Mog, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Here lie the innocent victims of chance, cast out and cast down. May their souls find the path that leads them home."
―Monument in Bresha Ruins, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"My domain exists outside the march of time. It is unseen and unknown, beyond life and death. Until the day the bell of the goddess tolls, this realm welcomes not the living."
―Arbiter of Time, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Looks like I needed the cavalry after all. Maybe going solo was a bad idea."
―Snow Villiers, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"It'll be okay. Heroes never die."
―Snow Villiers, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Sometimes, when it looks like all hope is lost, people can turn against each other. They end up full of hate. But really, when they stop and think about it, they're making themselves sad for no reason."
―Alyssa Zaidelle, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"There was a time when I almost lost myself because I had so much hate in me. And then some friends showed me a way out."
―Hope Estheim, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Heads...or Tails. Life or death. I'm stuck in this place where time stands still. All because of what happened that day..."
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I don't know how or why, but I found myself gambling to win back the most important thing in my life. I'm a handsome man, but Lady Luck has never glanced my way. But you know, maybe this time, it'll be different. It has to be. Maybe this time, she'll show me some love."
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I might have no chance of saving the future. I might not even come back alive. Maybe I'm wasting my time. Maybe I'm grabbing straight for the short straw. But that doesn't faze me. Let's say I make the wrong choice. That just makes the odds better for someone else. And maybe that someone...maybe they can save the future."
―Sazh Katzroy, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"You are no longer alive. However, that does not mean you are dead. For example, take a look at the coin. In this brief moment before it lands on the floor, there are two possible outcomes: heads or tails. That is the situation you are in. There are two possibilities for your life: life or death."
―Owner of Serendipity, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"People know me as the choco-mazing Chocolina! I'm the most chocoriffic time-traveling trader in the whole wide world!"
―Chocolina, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Choco-boco-lina! Welcome! Get your traveling products here at Chocolina's emporium! The beauty's all mine, but the products can be yours—but only if you show me the money! This might be a once in a lifetime choco-mazing opportunity, so don't miss out!"
―Chocolina, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"What a pretty little girl. I do like 'em pretty! But look at this boy, he's even prettier!"
―Ultros's first lines to Serah and Noel, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"I've been waiting in this Coliseum for so very long now! I was starting to worry that you’d never download this part of the game and I'd be stuck in digital limbo!"
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"See these weapons I picked up in the rift? They let me predict the weather: bullet showers and rocket storms!"
―Gilgamesh shows off his new firearms, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"Scream for me."
―Jihl Nabaat upon performing Sadistic Surge, Final Fantasy XIII-2

"People's hearts are pure chaos. Formless, and ever-changing, a mystery no one can solve. That is why humans are such contradictions. One moment they're at each other's throats; the next they're forming shaky alliances. Will this happen to you two, I wonder. I'll hold out my hand and smile while I give you my terms... Now die!"
―Jihl Nabaat to Serah and Noel, Final Fantasy XIII-2
LIGHTNING RETURNS: FINAL FANTASY XIII

"I'm more powerful than I ever was. But it came with a price. I'm not even sure if I'm a human anymore."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"So she'll understand his pain? She thinks she's going to save his soul? Would you listen to this nonsense? God turns her into the savior and it all goes straight to her head!"
―Lumina, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Five hundred years ago, I committed the ultimate sin. One more death on my conscience won't do anything to me."
―Noel Kreiss, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I've been fighting destiny for a long time now, and I'm getting good at it."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"The brightest lights cast the darkest shadows."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"One day, the light touched me. I knew what it was. It was God himself, speaking to me. He told me what I had to do. I was chosen, to rescue lost souls and guide them pass the end of this world and into the next. I became the savior."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Tell me, Snow. Has ever a day passed...when you haven't thought about Serah? The girl you loved? My younger sister? How long has she been gone now? She brought us together, and made us allies and friends. I can't give her back to you. But I can save your soul, and free you from your long torment. It'll be my first act, as savior."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"They've been swallowed by the Chaos, and now they're trapped inside. I can feel it. All their sadness... All their grief... They're swirling around me. Every single cry feels like a dagger...right in my heart."
―Vanille feels the pain of the dead, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"The gates are opened and Chaos has flooded through, consuming the world and everything in it Not even God can stop it. That's where you come in, Light. You're the last piece of the puzzle. You have to rescue as many as you can from this world and lead them to the new one."
―Hope Estheim, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"The legend had told of her coming... Banisher of darkness, bringer of light, redeemer of souls. She'd come at the end of days...to guide our souls to salvation."
―Snow Villiers on Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Only thirteen days to go."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"When I awoke from my dream of sleep, I was just in time to witness the end of the world."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

    Lightning: "Snow. It's been a long time. You know what I am. And you know what I want."
    Snow Villiers: "I can take a wild guess.. You wanna 'save' me?"
    — Lightning meets Snow, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"In this dying world, nothing is more precious than time. Why do you waste it on me? Does my victory still sting? Do you seek vindication?"
―Caius Ballad, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Very well. Do your best, hunter of souls. Cleave the evil from me, and save me—if you can. If you wish to have my soul...you must take it by force."
―Caius Ballad, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"It is a new future, and there is no place for her in it. We must stay here. The Chaos is where we belong."
―Caius Ballad on Paddra Nsu-Yeul, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I am an empty shell. My soul is rotted away. I shall cast this body into the Chaos. I shall be the shepherd of all the souls...destined to wander the darkness, never to be reborn in the new world."
―Caius Ballad, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I made a promise. I told him that we'd meet again."
―Yeul, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"So you won't save everyone, after all. Do you think you can live with that?"
―Lumina, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I can't save someone who doesn't want to be saved."
―Lightning, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

    Lightning: "I've got to find her soul if I want to save her. And...the truth is, I just can't feel her anymore."
    Hope Estheim: "It'll be all right, trust me. She can see you, and she's been watching over you. When you make the right choice, you'll find her again."
    — Hope and Lightning discuss Serah, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Even in this dying world, plenty of people still believe in God. They believe that they are special, and that God loves them unconditionally. They believe he is looking out for them. Gods exist all right. But they've got their own agenda. They sure didn't make this world and put people in it because they love us. They just wanted to create new tools."
―Lightning upon conquering the Ultimate Lair, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"As long as you were with me, Light...I didn't have to fear anything. I'm not scared. Not even now. Because you're here."
―Hope Estheim, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"It's the beginning of the end. Time has run out on this world, and there won't be any more tomorrows."
―Lumina on the world's final day, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"The souls of the dead are bound to the memories of the living. Because we remember them, they can survive in the Chaos. We're custodians, and our job to keep the flame of memory burning."
―Lumina, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Stop playing hard to get, and get you butt over here! I know you're dying to get in on this."
―Fang invites Lightning to battle a Chimera with her, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I don't care what happens to me. It doesn't matter. I just want a chance to make up for what I did. So many people died because of me. I can hear them, even now. They're crying out, all the time. Their grief and sorrow...I feel it all."
―Vanille, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

    Lightning: "Nice entrance, hero."
    Snow: "Only took five centuries."
    — Snow arrives to Luxerion Cathedral on the final day, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Yes, your souls are opaque to me, but that is precisely why they must be redone. What value can they have, if your souls are not known to God?"
―Bhunivelze, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"Bow thy head and open your heart to the benediction of God's light. Drink in the light and cleanse your soul. Surrender to the radiance...Divine love eternal!"
―Bhunivelze, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

"I bring you salvation! This is the last soul I'll save. Hope! I set you free!"
―Lightning uses Last Resort, Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII
FINAL FANTASY XIV

"The quiet, the calm, the beautiful flowers. There's only place it could be! The great beyond! I do believe we are dead, Papalymo!"
―Yda, Final Fantasy XIV

"So, an elemental is like a gigantic, super-powerful person?"
―Yda, Final Fantasy XIV

"My mother always told me I was destined for great things!"
―Yda, Final Fantasy XIV

"Manners, Yda. Gods, the Gridanians will think us raised in a gutter!"
―Papalymo, Final Fantasy XIV

    Yda: "The two of us wouldn't hurt a fly. We may get in the way and be a bit annoying, and yes, we have been known to bungle even the simplest of tasks...with occasionally disastrous consequences - but we certainly don't mean to. Can't fault us for that!"
    Papalymo: "<sigh> Yda, do you happen to recall that talk we had about knowing when to be quiet? Well, that when is now."
    — Yda and Papalymo, Final Fantasy XIV

"Ah, er- I mean, AARRR!"
―Emerick, Final Fantasy XIV

    Momodi: "Oh my! And do you go 'round handin' out such valuable blossoms to every lady whose acquaintance you make?"
    Thancred: "Only to those who rival the blossom's beauty, my love. After all, the true value of the flower lies in its ability to move the heart to love and to long. And in that it, no doubt, takes after you."
    — Thancred flirting with Momodi, Final Fantasy XIV

"An Adventurer? How adventurous!"
―Female Lalafel Path Companion, Final Fantasy XIV

"O mighty Ifrit, Lord of the Inferno and Champion of Sun! Thy humble servants have summoned Thee forth from the boundless aether, that Thou might cleanse these heathens' souls of their transgressions with Thine holy flames!"
―Words recited during Ifrit's summoning ritual, Final Fantasy XIV

"Why, if it isn't Sephiroth! Or was it Sephiross? Setirophx? xXxSephirothxXx? There are so many adventurers with similar names these days, it is so hard to recall them all."
―Diego Athral, Final Fantasy XIV

"My Fair Companions! Gentleman Hero Hildibrand is on the case!"
―Hildibrand, Final Fantasy XIV
A REALM REBORN

"Your souls will burn for eternity!"
―The Primal Ifrit while confronting his challengers, Final Fantasy XIV

"The Enterprise is no ordinary ship, and I am no ordinary captain. In case you'd forgotten, Gaius.. It's Cid Garland."
―Cid nan Garlond, Final Fantasy XIV
HEAVENSWARD

"What is it like when you pull back the curtain
And realize every wrong is a right?
Your world is rusty like an old dirty razor
The edge is calling tonight"
―Fiend, the boss theme of Sephirot, Final Fantasy XIV
STORMBLOOD

"Storm of blood
Born of blood
Of our fallen brothers"
―Main theme of Stormblood, Final Fantasy XIV

"'Tis better to bend with the wind than stand tall and be broken."
―Yotsuyu goe Brutus, Final Fantasy XIV

"That boy just isn't very buoyant."
―Alisaie on her brother, Alphinaud, Final Fantasy XIV

"Like a moth to a flame... but why would you come, if not for this?"
―Zenos yae Galvus, Final Fantasy XIV
FINAL FANTASY XV

"Don't be afraid! I'll protect you through your darkest dreams!"
―Carbuncle, Platinum Demo – Final Fantasy XV

"In a time unknown, only a prophecy keeps hope alive in people's hearts. 'When darkness veils the world, the King of Light shall come.'"
―Prophecy in the land of Eos, Final Fantasy XV

"Take heed. Never bow out of what you begin. So long as you carry the blood royal, so long as you carry my name... carry your head high."
―Regis Lucis Caelum to Noctis, Final Fantasy XV

"The power of kings, passed from the old to the new through the bonding of souls. One such soul lies before you. To claim your forebears' power is your birthright and duty as king."
―Cor Leonis, Final Fantasy XV

"My hair does not look like a chocobo butt."
―Prompto Argentum, Final Fantasy XV

"I was hoping to see something epic. A mortal battle between man and fish."
―Prompto Argentum on fishing, Final Fantasy XV

"The Crystal was gifted to mankind that we might know lasting prosperity."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"To crown the King of Light is the calling of the Crystal. Only the True King anointed by the Crystal can purge our star from its scourge."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret to Noctis Lucis Caelum, Final Fantasy XV

"If you know of any who are bedridden, or unable to come to me... Pray, send word, and I...shall go to them. I follow my calling. I will not halt my steps for anything else."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"Yet I beg you, do not surrender to despair. Have faith, for our gods watch over us. By their blessing, by the Stars that light the heavens above, our world will be delivered from the perils of the dark."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"It's true. I have no authority whatsoever. But what I lack in authority, I make up for in friends."
―Ardyn Izunia, Final Fantasy XV

"Darkness is coming. If I were you, I'd watch my princely ass. Uh—"kingly" ass."
―Aranea Highwind, Final Fantasy XV

"Not bad, but you will need to do a little more than that to impress me, prince charming."
―Aranea Highwind, Final Fantasy XV

"When the prophecy is fulfilled, all in thrall to darkness shall know peace."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"When the world falls down around you, and hope is lost, when you find yourself alone amid a lightless place, look at the distance. Know that I am there and I watch over you always."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"Tales of the past and hopes for the future are manifest in the King of Kings. The Frostbearer's blessing shall be his."
―Shiva, Final Fantasy XV

"To be together with Noctis again, even if only for a short while... It... would mean the world to me. I do not seek to guide him, merely to stand beside him."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Final Fantasy XV

"Still, knowing this is it and seeing you here now, it's... more than I can take. Well, what can I say? You guys are the best."
―Noctis Lucis Caelum to his friends, Final Fantasy XV

"A great evil threatens the people of your world. It is but the King of Kings and his Shield who can safeguard their lives. All those unworthy or unwilling to rise to the task meet their end here, by my blade."
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy XV: Episode Gladiolus

"He who averts his gaze from his own fault cannot himself a true Shield call, but you—having made peace with your inner self—have proven you are worthy."
―Gilgamesh, Final Fantasy XV: Episode Gladiolus

"CAW kids, it's Kenny Crow! Come on down to the Crow's Nest for a mouthful of happiness! Fly down to the original Nest in Old Lestallum for a real treat! Nothin' tastes better than what we make together at the Crow's Nest!"
―Kenny Crow, Final Fantasy XV
KINGSGLAIVE: FINAL FANTASY XV

"I do not fear death. What I fear is doing nothing and losing everything."
―Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV

"Behold the king of Lucis, who hoarded tranquility within his precious walls. Where is your tranquility now, king? Here, is your peace, by steel's swift descent."
―Glauca to King Regis, Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV

"My life is nothing. Giving the future to those who want to see it...is everything."
―Nyx Ulric, Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV
FINAL FANTASY TACTICS

"Names don't matter. What's important is how you live your life."
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"Help! Phoenix Down! Where's the Phoenix Down?"
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"It sounds good when you say "For the People", but what you really want is... a stronger army than the Knights, and the evil power to control the people."
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"If you need someone else to fulfill your dreams, it loses it's value, wouldn't you agree?"
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"Your actions have meaning only if they hold true to your ideals."
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"There's no 'justice' in using and deceiving people!"
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"How valuable is a 'freedom' you didn't earn yourself? The moment 'pride' is lost, 'freedom' is also lost!! You lost your freedom when you lost your pride and confidence!! 'Equality's' not something you're given. It's something you fight for! Any 'freedom' gotten from Lucavi isn't true freedom!"
―Ramza Beoulve, Final Fantasy Tactics

"Evanescence... what a sad word..."
―Agrias, Final Fantasy Tactics

"Tough...Don't blame us. Blame yourself or God."
―Delita, Final Fantasy Tactics

"All of them swept up in a mighty current, a current they cannot see or feel... I simply swim against it. Nothing more."
―Delita, Final Fantasy Tactics

"Ramza... What did you get?"
―Delita, Final Fantasy Tactics
FINAL FANTASY TACTICS: WAR OF THE LIONS

"They keep the truth from you as they did your brother. You are puppets, dancing on strings you can or will not see!"
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics

"I have no wish to change the world. But nor can I stand by while men suffer and die on the whim of some select few. Do you truly believe you can change the world? Not even I am so naive as that."
―Ramza, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"No matter how sweet, a dream left unrealized must fade into day."
―Wiegraf, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"No spoony bard could spin a sweeter tale!"
―Wiegraf, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"Our lives are as fleeting as a dream. What a somber thought."
―Agrias, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"My shot is faster, or my name's not Balthier."
―Balthier, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"What is love? Mayhap it is when you care more about someone else than you do about yourself."
―Meliadoul, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"Become a knight worthy of your name. Tolerate no injustice. Stray not from the true path. You will know the path you must walk. A Beoulve can... can walk no other..."
―Barbaneth Beoulve, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions

"Is it not I? I, who have dirtied my hands to keep yours clean? All that you are you owe to me! You ought be on your knees thanking me, yet here you stand in judgment!"
―Dycedarg Beoulve to Zalbaag Beoulve, Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions
FINAL FANTASY TACTICS ADVANCE

    Montblanc: "A stuffed animal!? I'll have you know I'm a moogle, kupo!"
    Marche: "Fine, so you're a moogle. What's that?"
    — Marche, upon meeting Montblanc in Ivalice, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"No, this is by far the most kupo story I've ever heard!"
―Montblanc, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"Mission failed. Deal!"
―Bangaa, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"I have never seen so much flan!"
―Marche, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"Judges have absolute power, and that power must not be abused."
―Judgemaster Cid Randell, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"You sure are a keen observer of the obvious, kupo!"
―Montblanc to Marche, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"Let us say that you are right and there are two worlds. How much, then, is this "other world" worth to you? What do you have there that you do not have here? Money? Power? Something worth causing the prince so much pain for?"
―Babus to Marche Radiuju, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

    Judge Cid: "Destroying the Crystals will destroy Ivalice! Yet you say this will bring back the "real" world? I ask you, is there no other way for you to go home?"
    Marche: "I... I do not know."
    — Cid questions Marche's goal, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"Wrong! This world might make him happy now... But it's just an illusion, a dream! Mewt needs to go back and live his real life, not this! If he just stays here—"
―Marche Radiuju, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"I'm always nervous. But... I can't afford to let that stop me. I love this world. There's magic, and the clan is fun... Sometimes, I'm not sure I really want to go home. But I am sure that this place isn't real. It's a game! It's just a dream—an escape from the real world! But you can't just avoid problems forever... I have to go back! I have to destroy the crystals!"
―Marche Radiuju, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"Mewt didn't want to believe it... To think, his own father... crying in the gutters. That's why he made me judgemaster here in this world. Or... maybe it was I myself who did that."
―Judgemaster Cid, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

    Marche: "Doned...? Doned! It's you!"
    Doned: "... That's Marche! He's the one they're looking for!"
    — Doned turns Marche in to bounty hunters, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

    Archer: "Grr... don't you ever give up?"
    Ritz: "If we did, we wouldn't be much of a clan, would we?"
    — Ritz seeking a bounty, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"That... That's right. I'm royalty... I'm a prince. Everyone listens to whatever I say. My word is... law. This is my country! Nobody picks on me!"
―Mewt Randell, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance

"If you want to turn everything back to normal... Go ahead. But don't expect me to help you."
―Ritz Malheur, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance
FINAL FANTASY TACTICS A2: GRIMOIRE OF THE RIFT

"I want -epic- violence, people!"
―Bonga Bugle Head Editor to Clan Gully, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Whoa! I wasn't planning on a fight, good thing I'm prepared for one"
―Luso, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Wondrous talent? How do you mean? It's been nothing but misery for me. If you know of someone who wants this, by all means, let me know! It's theirs."
―Adelle, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Wait, do you remember anything at all!? C'mon, anything!? All those adventures... And how you ripped Cid and me off... You gotta remember that!"
―Luso to Adelle, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

    Illua: " You...you are merely the chorus. Do not deceive yourselves into believing you are anything more."
    Luso: "Funny, that's not what my story says. It's a pretty good read, too. Lots of supporting characters. You could say we all kind of wrote it together. So don't think I'm ready to toss it just because you like your story more!"
    — Clan Gully confronts Illua, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

" Sorry, but an agreement is an agreement. You wanted to be sure you never looked on this creature again, didn't you? If we slay you, then we will have fulfilled the conditions of the quest, yes?"
―Adelle to Luc Sardarc, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Thuuu... Then again... Perhaps I am the monster you seek."
―Frimelda the zombie, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

    Lotice: " Maa... Might I ask a question? I do not wish to startle... Ahh... Am I dead?"
    Luso: "No, you're alive! I mean, you wouldn't be standing here talking to us if you weren't! It's just that you don't look so... alive, y'know? Not that you look dead, or anything! ... More... kind of... UN-dead?"
    — On Frimelda's "condition", Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Since when have we been "friends" and how soon can we stop?"
―Cid to Adelle, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Well, great! That suits me just fine. I mean, I want to find my way home, sure... It's just, the more I see of this place, the more I want to see. I was starting to get a little confused, to be honest. But, if adventuring around Ivalice is my ticket home, I'm all set. I can just keep on doing what I've been doing! I'll enjoy myself until this book's all full, then see what happens."
―Luso on learning how the Grimoire works, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Hey, um, Judge! I swear the oath! Let me in the clan!"
―Luso joins Clan Gully, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

    Luso: "Do I look like the type to keep a journal to you?"
    Cid: "That you do not."
    — Luso finds the Grimoire of the Rift in his keeping, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"It's policy. Why keep for tomorrow what I can spend today?"
―Adelle, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

    Luso: "Hey, Adelle... You know, I wasn't going to tell you this... but I found another pearl. It's twice as big."
    Adelle: "Really!? Ewwww! That's a b-ball of mud! What's the big - Hey! It's on my hand! Eeeeew! Stinky!"
    — Luso gets Adelle back, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

" All I can say is, we didn't do it. Trusting Vaan or not is an entirely different matter."
―Penelo, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Hmph, I'm afraid the only cure for my brand of idiocy is steel, my dear."
―Cid to Illua, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"Me, hungry for power? You miss the point. The world needs people with power... be they many or few."
―Illua, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

"That's right, Luso Clemens is the name! And fighting impossibly huge demonic hands is my game... *gulp*"
―Luso Clemens, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

    Lezaford: "Ahh, you're all right! I am relieved."
    Adelle: "If you call battered, bruised, and scarred for life "all right", then, yes."
    — After fighting Neukhia, Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift

FINAL FANTASY CRYSTAL CHRONICLES: THE CRYSTAL BEARERS

"Well, you're a crystal bearer. I'm sure you'll think of something."
―Keiss, to Layle, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers

"Is stealing people's wallets part of the Selkie nursing technique?"
―Layle, to Belle, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers

"Layle, your role has been fulfilled. Please stop pursuing me."
―Amidatelion, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers
FINAL FANTASY TYPE-0

"When nine and nine meet nine, the depths of reason shall stir. When the seal of creation is broken, a voice like thunder shall sound, and thou shalt know—we have arrived."
―Ace, Final Fantasy Type-0

"I'm busy punching people."
―Eight, Final Fantasy Type-0

"The future waits for no one. Do you think you can keep up?"
―Seven, Final Fantasy Type-0

"Is it true that one of the guys in Class Zero actually fights with playing cards? Yeah, I bet you can really trump your opponents with weapons like that... Seriously, those Class Zero cadets are a weird bunch."
―Class First Cadet, Final Fantasy Type-0

"It becomes hard to see clearly when your life starts flashing before your eyes, but death won't wait for you to make your next move. People who can't make split-second decisions are the first to go."
―Class Second Cadet, Final Fantasy Type-0

"If people's actions fade away from our memories with time, then all we can do to prevent them from slipping away is to keep written records. But if the Crystal erases all our memories of the dead, what good is a list of someone's achievements when we can't remember who they were?"
―Ace, Final Fantasy Type-0

"I'm not going to let myself die, even if it means I have to take someone else's life instead. I...don't want to be forgotten."
―Dominion Legionary, Final Fantasy Type-0

"I can feel it in my pom-pom: we're on the verge of an epic battle, kupo! But don't sweat it, bro! We're the good guys—we're totally gonna win, kupo!"
―Class Fifth Moogle, Final Fantasy Type-0

"'Walk on, wandering souls, for your respite we pray. Let our humble song clear your...' ...Oh these lyrics? They're from a song Mother always used to sing to me. The words feel so soothing to me. Sometimes, when I'm feeling down, I just sing to myself. There's a sense of sadness in the lyrics, but it's tinged with hope—I like that."
―Ace, Final Fantasy Type-0

"I've been trying to come up with a good chocobo name. What about Chichiri? I think that would... ...That was weird. I started feeling...so sad all of a sudden. I wonder why. It's not the first time this has happened, either. Every so often, I just get hit with this wave of emotion...like some kind of intense longing."
―Machina Kunagiri, Final Fantasy Type-0

"There was never any competition for me back in Class Second, but it's hard not to lose confidence on missions with you guys. I'm constantly reminded of how much more work I have to do. If only I were stronger—like the l'Cie. I would be unstoppable with that kind of power...but would it really be worth sacrificing my humanity?"
―Machina Kunagiri, Final Fantasy Type-0

"We can't choose the time we're born into, but we can still choose the eay we live our lives now. Sure, let's make the most of this world of ours, will we? Together we can paint a brighter future for all of Orience!"
―Rem Tokimiya, Final Fantasy Type-0

"You'd better be paying close attention during our mission briefing, yo. That way, you can explain the orders to me later."
―Nine, Final Fantasy Type-0

"Unlike the empire's magitek armor, we Agito Cadets are not machines of murder. Do keep our honor in mind when we march so as not to let bloodlust get the better of you."
―Queen, Final Fantasy Type-0

"How much longer until I get to slice up some more of those imperial scumbags? I can't wait to get this party started."
―Sice, Final Fantasy Type-0

"We may lose our memories of the dead, but you always remember how it feels to take someone's life. It haunts you... If only the Crystal let us forget that pain."
―Class Tenth Cadet, Final Fantasy Type-0

"Cid Aulstyne talks about having big plans for Orience, but he doesn't scare me. I'll shut him up with my own two hands if I have to. He stole my village, my parents, and my brother from me, but I refuse to let him take anything else. I'm going to stop him—no matter what it takes."
―Machina Kunagiri, Final Fantasy Type-0

"Mother brought all of us here because she believes in us. Her honor is on the line, so that means we can't mess up. Everyone needs a reason to keep going, and she's mine. I want to make her proud."
―Eight, Final Fantasy Type-0

"The past is gone for good, but the future's still ours for the taking. That's why we fight."
―King, Final Fantasy Type-0

"Since the dawn of eternity, four lights of hope have shone upon the world. Men flock to these lights, around which they build four peristylia. Each peristylium becomes their faith and society, the path upon which they are set."
―Diva, Final Fantasy Type-0

"I swear, this place feels so familiar... It's more than just seeing the same things. It's like I've experienced all of this before. Like I've stood in this spot at thus exact same moment. You know what I mean, don't you?"
―Cater, Final Fantasy Type-0
FINAL FANTASY FABLES: CHOCOBO TALES

"Surely you jest, fair lady! Who would this "Mog" fellow be? I can tell from the admiration in your voice that he must be notably witty and handsome, however!"
―Dueler X, aka Mog, Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales
DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY

"You're finished."
―Warrior of Light performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"We will never come to accept one another. We shall always be in conflict!"
―Garland, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I'll crush you!"
―Garland, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    Warrior of Light: "Destiny...ends here!"
    Garland: "End it, if you can!"
    — Before their battle, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I will not lose to one who calls me a tool of war!"
―Firion to Emperor, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"There is no meaning in strength only used to hurt others."
―Firion, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"You should have disposed of your fantasy, and accepted me as master."
―Emperor, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"All is mine to command!"
―Emperor performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"You would compare me to that gibbering nihilist?"
―Emperor after being compared to Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Death, life, even the divine shall come under my rule! For the only one fit to rule is I!"
―Emperor, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    The Emperor: "How could I lose... not once, but twice? Who are you?"
    Cecil: "Insects with a sting."
    — After the defeat of the Emperor, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    Firion: "We're not handing you the future!"
    The Emperor: "The future isn't yours to give or take."
    — After Cosmos' death, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Wow, what a little brat!"
―Onion Knight to Shantotto, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"A lone heart will not change the world."
―Cloud of Darkness, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Hope is for the weak."
―Cloud of Darkness to Firion, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I can turn darkness into hallowed light. Behold!"
―Cecil, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"We've suffered the same pain."
―Cecil to Gabranth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Transcend the stars!"
―Golbez performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"You cling to the skirts of your companions. Is that the sign of a strong will?"
―Golbez to Cecil, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I'm in a hurry. We can play later, okay?"
―Bartz to Exdeath, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Sweet Cosmos! It's a talking rock!"
―Bartz, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"As much as I like wandering around aimlessly, I gotta go somewhere."
―Bartz, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"The Void is where all begins and all ends...soon all of you will become a part of this eternity."
―Exdeath to the Warriors of Cosmos, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Embrace the stillness of eternity..."
―Exdeath performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I can protect everything!"
―Terra performing her EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Don't mess with me!"
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Destruction isn't supposed to make sense! It's only fun when it's senseless!"
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"He's just another sadist with a God complex...like THAT's something special!"
―Kefka about Sephiroth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I'm going to destroy EVERYTHING!"
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"THIS is gonna hurt!...did I get 'em?"
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"That was titillating..."
―Kefka performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    Zidane: "Just give it up already! I wanna know where Bartz is!"
    Kefka: "I'm afraid the mouse is SMACK...dabinthemiddle of enemy territory!"
    — After their battle, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    Terra: "I've found a future that I want to protect. No matter how strong my powers become, I will never lose sight of my dream!"
    Kefka: "Hm, you done? Good."
    — Before their battle, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Why create, when it will only be destroyed? Why cling to life, knowing that you have to die? None of it will have meant anything once you do..."
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Life... Dreams... Hope... Where do they come from? And where do they go? None of that junk is enough to fulfill your hearts! Destruction! Destruction is what makes life worth living!"
―Kefka, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Breaking my limits!"
―Cloud performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Into the depths of darkness."
―Sephiroth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Ruination to all!"
―Sephiroth performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Sympathy is a burden I don't need."
―Squall , Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Mission accomplished"
―Squall performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Get over yourself."
―Squall to Ultimecia, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Playtime is over!"
―Ultimecia performing her EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

    Ultimecia: "Poor child. It is such a misfortune that you had to be born in my world."
    Squall: "Then I suppose your misfortune was in being my enemy."
    — Before their battle, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Is that supposed to be me?"
―Zidane to Bartz, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Friends? Don't you dare associate me with those animals!"
―Kuja to Zidane, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"This is my show!"
―Jecht performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"There's no shame in losing to me."
―Jecht, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Your hair is a distraction."
―Shantotto to Cloud, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Now I'm MAD!"
―Shantotto performing her EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Inside your head...is the Void."
―Shantotto to Exdeath, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Hatred is what drives me!"
―Gabranth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"My sustenance is...true hatred!"
―Gabranth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Your life ends here!"
―Gabranth, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"Surrender now to oblivion!"
―Gabranth performing his EX Burst, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"At the end of the dream...even chaos...tears itself apart!"
―Chaos, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"You resist in vain..."
―Chaos, Dissidia Final Fantasy

"I was having a long dream, in the midst of disorder...it was ridiculous. Cosmos and I were governing the world together. Laughable, is it not? In that world, I was a god that suppressed disorder. But strangely, the images are still vivid in my eyes...all the people smiling...the warmth of the days I spent with Cosmos...for one who has lost all memory, why did the dream have to be so cruel?"
―Chaos, Dissidia Final Fantasy
DISSIDIA 012 FINAL FANTASY

"Who died and made you Primarch?"
―Lightning to Warrior of Light, Dissidia Duodecim Prologus Final Fantasy

"Abominations, can you hear me? Do you even have minds of your own? If you are aware of the world around you, you'd best rue the day you came here. I'm about to teach you pathetic mockeries the difference between you, and a real man!"
―Kain to a pack of manikins, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Exdeath: "So, you offer your life in exchange for theirs?"
    Kain: "Of course not. I offer yours."
    — Preparing to battle, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"And here I thought you were just another prepubescent pretty boy!"
―Kefka to Vaan, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Alright...so much for Mr. Nice Kefka. Sorry babe, I only hurt you because you make me!"
―Kefka to Terra, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Oh! It's the Thunder Lady!"
―Moglin to Lightning, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Prishe is here, where's the grub?"
―Prishe enters EX Mode, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"It's way past my lunchtime!"
―Prishe uses her EX Burst, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Kefka: "You're about to learn why "oppose" rhymes with "dispose"!"
    Vaan: "Always ready to take out the trash!"
    — Preparing to battle, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"You know what they say about second place - completely pathetic!"
―Kefka, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Tifa: "Light's attacks are interesting, huh? Mine are just kicks and punches."
    Laguna: "But those kicks hurt a lot...Tifa, would you stop practicing on me?"
    — Entering a Gateway, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"It's not that I have a bad sense of direction. I'm just interested in all directions."
―Laguna, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Sucks to be us, huh?"
―Squall to Onion Knight, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"I bet a good punch'd wake him right up."
―Vaan about Tidus sleeping on the floor., Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Lightning with no sky in which to hide... No choice now but to fulfill your destiny...and fall."
―Kuja to Lightning., Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Kuja: "So ephemeral, lightning..."
    Lightning: "Oh, I'll show you how lightning strikes."
    — Preparing to battle, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Not your lucky day."
―Lightning enters EX Mode, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"I control my fate!"
―Lightning uses her EX Burst, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"GILGAMESH MORPHING TIME!"
―Gilgamesh enters EX Mode, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"This is far from the strongest of swords!"
―Gilgamesh uses an Excalipoor during his EX Burst, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Didn't think I could mimic manikins. Maybe I'm just a genius!"
―Bartz ponders his ability to copy manikin attacks, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Zidane: "Telling us to find crystals without a clue is like asking for a miracle. Don't you agree? I tell ya, I would have said "no way" if Cosmos weren't such a pretty thing!...Um, just to be clear, that was a joke, okay?"
    Squall: "(Didn't sound like a joke to me.)"
    — Discussing the crystals, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Your divine power exists to protect this world. If you wasted it on your servants and allowed the world to fall, what purpose would that serve? We are warriors - the chosen few who were summoned to this land to secure victory for the goddess of harmony. Cosmos, there will come a future in which that victory shall be won. And so I ask you: believe in that future. Stand by your heroes as they look to the next battle. Though I once fought in the name of light, that honor may now be lost to me. However...the light I hold within my breast, never once has it flickered or faded. This I swear: I shall do my utmost to protect you until the very end."
―Warrior of Light prepares to battle the manikin army, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"The pompous ass in gold went towards the floating isle. He outta stay there, kupo."
―Moogle about The Emperor, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"Grovel before my unrivaled power!"
―The Emperor, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Emperor: "I look forward to seeing this tragedy unfold."
    Yuna: "This is my story. It has a happy ending!"
    — Before their final battle, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

    Warrior of Light: "Toss aside your blade and say good night."
    Lightning: "No thanks. It's not my bedtime!"
    — Preparing for battle, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"I guess things still look pretty rough for us, huh?"
―Tifa Lockhart after a series of battles., Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy

"That moogle crossed the lava stream. ...You think he'll let me fluff him?"
―Terra Branford, Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy
FINAL FANTASY DIMENSIONS

"If your head was any thicker, they could use it to fortify the castle walls."
―Glaive, to Sol., Final Fantasy Dimensions

"I'm Vata of the Wind. No man may judge me."
―Vata, to Cid., Final Fantasy Dimensions

"So much for "Only you can prevent forest Firagas.""
―Alba, upon discovering a campsite in the Mazewood., Final Fantasy Dimensions

"What is it boy? Did Timmy fall down a well?"
―Alba, when Nacht hears something stirring., Final Fantasy Dimensions

"My powers of deduction tell me...yellow polka dot bikini, yes?"
―Gramps, to Alba, Final Fantasy Dimensions

    Gramps: "Name's Clou—"
    Alba: "Sure it is. And my name is really Aeri—"
    — Gramps and Alba, Final Fantasy Dimensions

"Not bad for swabs who just crawled out of the bunghole"
―A Pirate, after defeating Bikke, Final Fantasy Dimensions

"I'm drowning in beer jusht like the world ish drowning in darknessh. Hic!"
―A resident of Rusalka, Final Fantasy Dimensions

"Great. The metal monstrosity is clingy."
―Dusk, referring to Argy, Final Fantasy Dimensions

"This was once the Desert Coliseum. We are currently closed due to the world being engulfed by darkness."
―A man outside the Coliseum, Final Fantasy Dimensions
FINAL FANTASY: THE 4 HEROES OF LIGHT

"To thee I grant this gift of light, upon thy head a crown of might."
―Crystal, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"I'm sorry, Ariadne. I always hoped it would be you who killed me, not that king of Guera."
―Krinjh, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"If only I had stronger magic and better crowns. Then I could take out the bad guys myself... Bam! Pow!"
―Brandt, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Argh! This place is crowded and dirty and BORING! I want better food! I want to buy some nice clothes! This is my first trip abroad and I can't even go SHOPPING!"
―Aire as a refugee in Liberte, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"We defeat the pirates and rescue Apollo's parents. Then we get first dibs on the pirate treasure, right?"
―Aire, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Only you can see me. You're special—you were the one who saved me! I am in your debt, and the Arbor folk never forget a debt."
―Lilibelle to Aire, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Sheesh, what an adventure this is turning out to be."
―Jusqua, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Is it really all right to go wandering inside someone's soul without their permission?"
―Yunita, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"I am all that is left of Rolan's goodness, a mere shadow of what was once a kind young man. Alone, I am powerless."
―Fragment of Rolan's heart, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"I've been alone in Spelvia for more years than I can count. The only voices I hear are pleas for help. Demands and entreaties and prayers... over and over again!"
―Rolan, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Hey, what are friends for? We'd never leave you in the lurch, ever. And don't you forget it!"
―Brandt, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"YOU HAVE FOUND NONE OF MY TREASURES. DISAPPOINTING."
―Golem in Spelvia, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"The greed of men... The stench of blood... They steal into my soul and..."
―Rolan, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"I hate that Rolan! He's just like Yunita used to be! He thinks he can do everything on his own and refuses everybody's help."
―Aire, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"MASTER ROLAN MEETS NO ONE. MASTER ROLAN SPEAKS TO NO ONE."
―Golem in Spelvia, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"(I'm starting to think that hooking up with these people was a bad idea...)"
―Rekoteh on Brandt and Jusqua, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"Naw, you don't need fire. You just need to hit it with something hard to wake it up. Like, say, a Mythril Hammer!"
―Brandt's idea for hatching a dragon egg, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light

"I hope none of you are going to sneak off while I'm asleep and leave me on my own again!"
―Yunita, Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light
FINAL FANTASY: THE SPIRITS WITHIN

"It is not a fairy tale. It is true."
―Dr. Sid, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"What have I done..."
―Douglas Hein, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"The fifth was a little girl dying in a hospital emergency room. I retrieved the sample in time but she..."
―Aki Ross, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"I told her everything had a spirit; dogs, cats, trees, little girls, even the Earth. I told her that she wasn't dying, just returning to the Earth spirit, to Gaia. She....told me that...she was ready to die. She said I didn't have to make up stories to make her feel better. ... Only seven years old and ready to die..."
―Aki Ross, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

    Aki Ross: "I don't know how long I have left."
    Gray Edwards: "Who does."
    — On the Gondola, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"It's amore, baby."
―Neil Fleming, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"It's gonna be one of those days."
―Ryan Whittaker, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"This is not a good place to be."
―Gray Edwards, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"What the hell is that?! That's not what I think it is, is it!?!"
―Gray Edwards, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"The dream is always the same."
―Aki Ross, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"FIRE IN THE HOLE!!"
―Jane Proudfoot, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"Why are you always bustin' my chops?"
―Neil Fleming, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

"My wife and daughter…were killed by Phantoms when the San Francisco barrier of the city was attacked. Did I ever tell you that? I try to imagine…what it must have been like, seeing everyone around you fall over dead for no apparent reason. And then, at the end, feeling something next to you…invisible…touching you….Reaching inside your body and…"
―Douglas Hein, Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within
WORLD OF FINAL FANTASY

"Me? I'm god."
―Enna Kros, World of Final Fantasy

"Whose soul will you touch?"
―Girl Who Forgot Her Name, World of Final Fantasy

"I'm so bored... Uh, I mean... Boy, do I work hard!"
―Serafie, World of Final Fantasy

""Mirage Keepers"? Me and Reynn?"
―Lann, World of Final Fantasy

"You can't spell "the cool cat" without Chocolatte!"
―Chocolatte, World of Final Fantasy

"Ha ha ha! I'm a man of action! I don't believe in "whys"!"
―Lann, World of Final Fantasy

"Countertek deployed. There is no method they can utilize... that I can't neutralize."
―Shelke, World of Final Fantasy

    Tama: "Hoh, I am the-loving this weather!"
    Lann: "It makes me just wanna laugh out loud! Ah ha ha ha ha ha!"
    — In Besaid Region, World of Final Fantasy

"I'm starting to wonder if I've put Grymoire in the right hands."
―Enna Kros, World of Final Fantasy

"Subtlety... I can never abide it when a more direct solution is at hand."
―Brandelis, World of Final Fantasy

"I am Brandelis! The mighty king of Bahamut, and number II-5 of the Exnine Knights! I am the conqueror of all A-Worlds. And their destroyer!"
―Brandelis, World of Final Fantasy

"What strength. I can see A's power has already had a profound influence on both of you. ... Perhaps I may not be able to destroy you, but neither can you put an end to me. To pursue this stalemate further would be a waste of time."
―Brandelis, World of Final Fantasy 

he opening sequence: A whirl of stars, humming softly, the view slowly drifting downwards and changing to show Aeris's face lit by Mako. She stands and walks out into the streets of Midgar as the camera pans back to show the city in full before again diving in, this time following a train as it pulls into a station in Sector 8. Biggs and Jessie leap off first, taking out the two guards stationed there. Wedge follows, and the three of them run ahead. Barret and Cloud leap down last.

Barret
C'mon newcomer. Follow me.

Barret runs ahead. Cloud follows, taking out two guards who stand in his path. He joins Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie at the gate to the reactor complex, where Jessie is working to open the door.

Biggs
Wow! You used to be in SOLDIER all right! ...Not everyday ya find one in a group like AVALANCHE.

Jessie
SOLDIER? Aren't they the enemy?
What's he doing with us in AVALANCHE?

Biggs
Hold it, Jessie. He WAS in SOLDIER.
He quit them and now is one of us.
Didn't catch your name...

Cloud
...Cloud.

Biggs
Cloud, eh? I'm...

Cloud
I don't care what your names are. Once this job's over... I'm outta here.

Barret comes running over.

Barret
The hell you all doin'!? I thought I told you never to move in a group!
Our target's the North Mako Reactor. We'll meet on the bridge in front of it.

Jessie opens the door and she, Biggs, and Wedge run through. Barret turns back to Cloud.

Barret
Ex-SOLDIER, huh? Don't trust ya!
If you push the Directional button while pushing the [CANCEL] button to run. (earlier marked X)

Barret runs on ahead. Cloud looks up at the reactor before following. In front of the reactor, everyone but Wedge heads across the bridge inside.

Wedge
I'll secure the escape passage. Concentrate on the mission, Cloud.
Geez, we're really gonna blow this huge furnace up? This'll be somethin' to see!

Cloud follows the others into the reactor.

Barret
Yo! This your first time in a reactor?

Cloud
No. After all, I did work for Shinra, y'know.

Barret
The planet's full of Mako energy. People here use it every day.

Cloud shrugs.

Barret
It's the life blood of this planet. But Shinra keeps suckin' the blood out with these weird machines.

Cloud
I'm not here for a lecture. Let's just hurry.

Barret
That's it! You're comin' with me from now on.

Jessie
Biggs and I got the code for this door.

Biggs
Code deciphered.

The first door opens and they run through.

Biggs
Think how many of our people risked their lives, just for this code...

Jessie
Code deciphered.

The second door opens, and Jessie, Cloud, and Barret enter the elevator.

Jessie
Push that button over there!

Cloud pushes the button.

Switch on.

Barret
Little by little the reactors'll drain out all the life. And that'll be that.

Cloud
It's not my problem.

Barret
The planet's dyin', Cloud!

Cloud
The only thing I care about is finishin' this job before security and the Roboguards come.

Barret shakes his fist but says nothing. The elevator reaches the bottom and they exit. After heading down a set of stairs, Jessie hangs back to let the other two continue on.

Jessie
Push the [OK] button in front of a ladder to grab on to it. After that, use the [Directional button] to move up and down.

Barret and Cloud eventually reach the core of the reactor.

Barret
When we blow this place, this ain't gonna be nothin' more than a hunka junk.
Cloud, you set the bomb.

Cloud
Shouldn't you do it?

Barret
Jus' do it! I gotta watch to make sure you don't pull nothin'.

Cloud
Fine, be my guest.

For an instant, everything goes red and Cloud stands on tiptoe. There is a sharp humming noise.

Watch out!
This isn't just a reactor!!

Barret
......What's wrong?

Cloud
Huh?

Barret
What's wrong, Cloud? Hurry it up!

Cloud
...Yeah, sorry.

Cloud sets the bomb. Alarms go off and he looks around.

Barret
Heads up, here they come!

They enter a battle with the Guard Scorpion.

Cloud
Barret, be careful!
Attack when its tails up
It's gonna counter with its laser!

In spite of Cloud's poorly-translated advice, they defeat the Guard Scorpion.

Cloud
Come on, let's get outta here!

Ten minutes to detonation!

Heading out, Cloud comes across Jessie, trying to tug her foot out of a hole in the walkway. He crouches down beside her to help.

Cloud
You all right?

Jessie
My leg got stuck.
Thanks!

Leg freed, she jumps over him and runs on. Cloud follows her back up the elevator. (If you fail to help Jessie going up, Biggs will tell you "Jessie hasn't come up yet," and you have to go back down to help her anyway.)

Biggs
Let's go!

Jessie
Code deciphered.
All right, be careful

Biggs
Code deciphered.

They all run from the reactor, across the bridge to the exit where Wedge is waiting. Barret accidentally bowls Jessie over, Cloud helps her up, and they make it through the doorway just as the reactor blows.

In the escape passage, the way out has been blocked by rubble, and Jessie is setting explosives to open the way.

Biggs
That should keep the planet going... at least a little longer.

Wedge
Yeah.

Barret
.........

Jessie
OK! Now everyone get back.

The bomb blows an exit and they leap out one by one. Wedge runs around for a minute as though on fire.

Barret
All right, now let's get out of here.
Rendezvous at Sector 8 station! Split up and get on the train!

Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie nod and run off in separate directions. Barret starts to leave.

Cloud
H, hey!

Barret
If it's about your money Save it 'til we're back at the hideout.

Barret runs off, and Cloud is left to make his own way to the station. Heading up into a city square, he sees a flower girl (Aeris), who gets knocked down by some people running about in a panic. She gets up, dusts herself off, and walks over to him.

Flower Girl
Excuse me.
What happened?

Cloud
- You'd better get out of here
- Nothing... hey, listen...

You'd better get out of here.

Flower Girl
Really? I don't know what's going on, but all right.

Nothing... hey, listen...
.........
- Don't see many flowers around here
- Never mind

Don't see many flowers around here

Flower Girl
Oh, these? Do you like them? They're only a gil...?

Cloud
- Buy one
- Forget it

Buy one

Flower Girl
Oh, thank you!
Here you are!

Forget it

Flower Girl
Ahh... not again.

Never mind

Flower Girl
What! Tell me!
Uh, excuse me, would you like to buy some flowers? They're only one gil.

Cloud
- Buy one
- Forget it

Buy one

Flower Girl
Oh, thank you!
Here you are!

Forget it

Flower Girl
Ahh... not again.

The flower girl walks away, and Cloud continues through Sector 8.

Redhead
Just what the hell's going on!?

Man with Hat
Wonder what that is on the wall over there. Let's see...
Don't be fooled by Shinra! Mako energy doesn't last forever! Mako is the planet's lifesource! The end is in sight!
Protectors of the planet: AVALANCHE

Eventually Cloud reaches a three-way intersection, beneath which the railroad tracks run out from a tunnel.

Soldier
Hey! You there!!

Cloud
Shinra soldiers...
- Fight them
- Later!

Soldiers
What the?

Cloud
Hmph

More soldiers come from another direction.

Soldiers
That's him!

Cloud
Hmph

Even more soldiers come from the third street, and they surround Cloud above the railway tunnel.

Soldier
That's as far as you go.

Cloud
I don't have time to be messin' around with you.

Soldier
Enough babbling...... Grab him!!

As the soldiers lunge for him, Cloud jumps from the street and lands atop a train passing by underneath.

Inside the train, Barret, Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie are gathered in the baggage car.

Wedge
Cloud never came.

Biggs
Cloud...... Wonder if he was killed?

Barret
No way!!

Jessie
Cloud......

They lapse into silence for a moment, and then glance up at a drumming noise on the roof.

Biggs
Say, do you think Cloud's......
Going to fight to the end for AVALANCHE!?

Barret
The hell would I know!? Do I look like a mind reader?

He bangs his fist on a nearby crate.

Hmph!! If y'all weren't such screw-ups...

Wedge
Hey, Barret! What about our money...?

Barret bangs the crate again.

Barret
Uh, nothin' ...sorry.

(from outside)
Ahhh......

They all glance up at some louder banging on the roof. The door opens and Cloud swings through.

Biggs
Cloud!!

Jessie
Cloud......

Wedge
Cloud!!

Cloud
Looks like I'm a little late.

Barret
You damn right, you're late!!
Come waltzin' in here makin' a big scene!

Cloud
It's no big deal. Just what I always do.

Barret
Shi't!
Havin' everyone worried like that you don't give a damn 'bout no one but yourself!

Cloud
Hmm...... You were worried about me!

Barret
Wha!?
I'm takin' it outta your money, hot stuff!
Wake up!
We're movin' out! Follow me!

Barret moves on ahead to the next car.

Wedge
Hey, Cloud!! You were great back there!

He follows Barret.

Biggs
Heh heh...... Cloud! We'll do even better next time.

Biggs disappears, too, leaving just Cloud and Jessie. Jessie walks over to the open door.

Jessie
Be careful, I'll shut this.

She shuts the door and turns to Cloud, looking him up and down.

Oh, Cloud!! Your face is pitch-black......

She rubs at his face.

There you go!
Say, thanks for helping me back there at the Reactor!

Jessie disappears into the next car. Cloud follows.

Last train out of Sector 8 Station. Last stop is Sector 7, Train Graveyard. Expected time of arrival is 12:23AM, Midgar Standard Time...

As the members of AVALANCHE run into the car, other passengers leave.

Shinra Manager
This is why I hate the last train. Hoo-boy...

Train Bum
Huh...? This is my house, so make yourselves at home.

Bald Man
You see the headlines in the Shinra Times?
The terrorists that bombed the No. 1 Reactor are based somewhere in the slums.
...blowing up a Reactor... they sure put some thought into this one.
They must have a real calculating leader. I wonder what they'll do next?

Barret
Stop actin' like a damn kid. Si'down an' shu'up!

Biggs
It seems this train hasn't switched to security mode yet.
I'm sure that will change by tomorrow.
...YAWN... that sure took its toll on me. I'm gonna sleep till we get to the station.

If you try to move on to the next car, a train worker stops you.

Train Worker
Please! You're disturbing the other passengers.

Wedge
Someday AVALANCHE's gonna be famous... and me, too!
Cloud!!
Don't ya think I got a bright future ahead of me?

Cloud
- What do you have in mind?
- I wouldn't hold my breath

What do you have in mind?

Wedge
All my life, I felt like nothin' but a sidekick.
But after joinin' AVALANCHE and tryin' to save the Planet, I feel like I can do lots of things.

I wouldn't hold my breath

Wedge
Oh man, that's pretty harsh, Cloud. You really think I won't?

Jessie
Hey, Cloud. You want to look at this with me?
It's a map of the Midgar Rail System. Let's look at it together. I'll explain it to you.
I like this kinda stuff. Bombs and monitors... you know, flashy stuff.
Okay, it's about to start.
This is a complete model of the city of Midgar.
It's about a 1/10000 scale.
The top plate is about 50 meters above ground.
A main support structure holds the plate up in the center, and there are other support structures built in each section...
psst... whisper... whisper (The No. 1 Reactor we blew up was in the northern section.)
Then there's No. 2, No. 3 all the way up to the No. 8 Reactor.
The 8 Reactors provide Midgar with electricity.
Each town used to have a name, but no one in Midgar remembers them.
Instead of names, we refer to them by numbered sectors. That's the kind of place this is.
Phew..., this is next! Look.
This is the route this train is on.
The route spirals around the main support structure.
We should be coming around the center area, right now.
At each checkpoint, an ID sensor device is set up.
It can check the identities and backgrounds on each and every passenger on the train by linking it up to the central data bank at Shinra headquarters.
whisper... whisper... (Anyone could tell that we look suspicious, so we're using fake ID's.)

A red light starts flashing.

Jessie
Speak of the devil...
That light means that we're in the ID Security Check area.
...whisper... whisper... (When the lights go off, you never know what kind of creeps'll come out.)
...anyhow, we're almost back now. That's a relief.

The lights stop flashing.

Wedge
I'm seein' stars. This sucks. I hate the dark.

Jessie
I know! Next time, I'll give you one I made myself.

Cloud
- Thanks anyway
- Looking forward to it

Thanks anyway

Jessie
Oh yeah, you might regret it. I'm the type who takes things personal.

Looking forward to it

Jessie
Okay, then I'll put a little extra effort in and make it with a BANG.

Jessie
We're almost there. After talking with you, I really want to do it!
I think you've lit my fuse!

Biggs
...snore... heebeebeeheebee... snore... (Don't act so damn big, Barret... snooze...)

Barret
Look... you can see the surface now. This city don't have no day or night.
If that plate weren't there... we could see the sky.

Cloud walks over to join Barret in looking out the window.

Cloud
A floating city... Pretty unsettling scenery.

Barret gets up.

Barret
Huh?
Never expect ta hear that outta someone like you.
...you jes' full of surprises.
The upper world... a city on a plate...
It's 'cuz of that &^#$# 'pizza', that people underneath are sufferin'!
And the city below is full of polluted air.
On topa that, the Reactor keeps drainin' up all the energy.

Cloud
Then why doesn't everyone move onto the Plate?

Barret
Dunno. Probably 'cuz they ain't got no money. Or, maybe...
'Cuz they love their land, no matter how polluted it gets.

Cloud
I know... no one lives in the slums because they want to.
It's like this train. It can't run anywhere except where its rails take it.

The train pulls into the Sector 7 station, and its passengers get off.

Barret
Yo!! Get over here, all'ya!!

The others group around Barret by the steps down from the platform.

Barret
This mission was a success. But don't get lazy now.
The hard part's still to come! Don't y'all be scared of that explosion!
Cause the next one's gonna be bigger than that!
Meet back at the hideout!! Move out!

Barret runs off, and Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie follow him.

Station Man
When you've been a train man as long as I have, you see a lot of people and a lot of lives.
People meeting, parting, joy, sadness... After a while, it doesn't even get to you anymore.
I wonder how long it's been... There's an invisible rail between me and the passengers.
I could never live their lives. I'm just a train man plain and simple. It's easier that way.
That's not to say that the crossing gate of my heart doesn't hurt now and again.
Back during the war, I remember there was a lot of painful scenes then.
But, that's a story for another day...
First train leaves Midgar at 05:04am.

A red-haired couple are standing by the street lamp.

Guy
I'm not letting you go tonight.

Girl
Wow!

Guy
Isn't there somewhere we could go to be alone?

Girl
Wow!
There's only the train graveyard around here. And they say there's ghosts around too!

Guy
......damn.

Girl
What?

Cloud leaves the train station and walks through the sector.

Man by Fence
Hey now!! Oops!!
What on earth are you doing? Just butt out......geez!
Huh? You came to see it, too?
There was a bombing on top. If this pillar should come down, everyone in the slums is dust...
Well, there's no point in worryin' about that.
Hey!! Look! It's huge, ain't it?

Cloud looks up at the pillar with him.

Man by Fence
Hey... This is a strange and wonderful place.
This is my place, but you can come here when you want. Bye, bro!

He runs off.

Barret
Yo, Cloud! Over here, now!

Of course, you can ignore him if you want. Some distance from the fence are two soldiers guarding an exit.

Soldier 1
What the hell do you want? You know who I am?
You can't pass. I got the miserable job of keepin' scum like you from trying to sneak in here.

Soldier 2
W, wow! You're great!!

Soldier 1
Damn right!! Don't waste time talkin's, what I always say!

Soldier 2
But, uh, I......
Ah... eh... uhm............ Excuse me. You cannot pass without the proper clearance.
Did I do good this time?

Soldier 1
You gotta be tougher!

Soldier 2
But, uh, I......

As Cloud approaches 7th Heaven, Barret and the others charge into the bar. Gunfire is heard, and a number of customers run out. Tifa comes out after them and bows apologetically. All the AVALANCHE members go inside but Barret, who waits impatiently by the entrance.

Barret
Heh heh...
You wanna meet your little baby?

Cloud
- Little baby?
- Out of my way!

Little baby?

Barret
Hey! Don' act like you don't know what I mean!
I'm tellin' you...

Out of my way

Barret
Heh! Jes calm down.
Can't have people suspectin' us.

Gossip
Did you hear?

Cloud
- Don't care
- No, what?

Don't care

Gossip
Oh, well excuse ME!

No, what?

Gossip
There's a news update. They say that there was a terrorist explosion up above, and that this time it was a Mako Reactor!!
You know what this means?

Cloud
- Don't care
- No, what?

Don't care

Gossip
Oh, well excuse ME!

No, what?

Gossip
Ya see, I keep on top of these things, an' if ya ask me......
If you knock out Midgar's power, then all of its computers and signals are going to be knocked out too.
Financially there must've been about a billion gil worth of damage.
An' that ain't all!! A lotta innocent people got killed too!
If the explosion had been in the middle of the night, that woulda been one thing. At least the people coulda gone in their sleep.
This Mako explosion has really sent Midgar into a fit.

Kid
Explosions! Explosions! Oh Man! AVALANCHE is so cool!

Johnny's Cousin
Oh Jesus!! What the hell's wrong tonight!!
I thought that long blackout was strange.
They say a Mako Reactor was destroyed above.
I was jes sittin' here drinkin', watchin' the news by myself.
'n' all of a sudden I get kicked outta the &*%$ store. What's up with that!?
I wasn't even done with my drink. I didn't even pay my bill...

Johnny
Woo...... ah geez, I'm blitzed. I jes love them homemade cocktails. But they sure do creep up on ya.

A sign to the far left
Don't be taken in by the Shinra.
Mako energy will not last forever.
Mako is the life of the Planet and that life is finite.
The end is coming.
Saviors of the Planet: AVALANCHE

Cloud
What crappy handwriting. And look at all this graffiti!

The Item Shop is closed, but you can enter the Weapons Shop.

Black-haired Man
Hey!! What the, YOU?
Anyone talking to me must be a novice.

Cloud
- Yep, that's me
- I used to be with SOLDIER, the name's Cloud

Yep, that's me

So what. Everyone's a beginner sometime.

Black-haired Man
Don't act so big, amateur. Seein' as how I'm such a warm hearted guy, I'll show ya the ropes.
You come back here tomorrow. I got some things I gots ta do.

I used to be with SOLDIER, the name's Cloud

The name's Cloud. Used to be with SOLDIER, I got no business with you.

Black-haired Man
Hmmph!! Well, I never heard of ya!

Upstairs, the storage area (Beginner's Hall) is closed off.

Big Man
Unn......!! Who the hell are you!? No unauthorized access.
Since today's special, I'm gonna let you in on a juicy bit of news. But you gotta keep it to yourself.
Do you know what's been going on......?

Cloud
- What, that again?
- ............

What, that again?

Big Man
I guess you must be sick of hearing it... But it's been so long since there was any real news here.
You're worried where it's all heading, right?

............

Big Man
Everything's in a buzz 'bout that terrorist group AVALANCHE blowin' up the Sector 1 Mako Reactor.
On the surface they say they're an anti-Shinra group, but in reality...
They say they're just out to kill as many people as they can.
Gyaaaa, Haaa haaa!!
That's a good one, ain't it!? While they're bustin' things up on top, the only ones makin' out good are us weapon stores!
Now, if we can just get rid of this back stock, we'll be doin' ok.

Man in Hat
You know what I do? I'll bet you don't.
You come here tomorrow and I'll tell you.
Ahh, there just ain't no good jobs here in the slums.
I wanna go to the upper world.

Cloud returns to 7th Heaven, where Barret is waiting.

Barret
Ok! Go on ahead.
You! Cloud!! Get off your slow-movin' ass!!

Cloud enters 7th Heaven, and Marlene hops up excitedly.

Marlene
Papa!!

Cloud starts, and when Marlene sees it's him, she runs and hides in the corner. Tifa comes out from behind the bar and hurries over to her.

Tifa
Marlene! Aren't you going to say anything to Cloud?

She walks over to Cloud with Marlene hiding behind her.

Welcome home, Cloud. Looks like everything went well.
Did you fight with Barret?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Not this time

Yeah

Tifa
I should have known.
He's always pushing people around, and You've always been in fights ever since you were little.
I was worried.

Not this time

Tifa
Hmm. You've grown up.
When you were little you used to get into fights at the drop of a hat.

If you bought a flower...

Tifa
Flowers? How nice...
You almost never see them here in the slums.
But...
A flower for me? Oh Cloud, you shouldn't have...

Cloud
No big.
- Give it to Tifa
- Give it to Marlene

Give it to Tifa

Tifa
Thank you, Cloud. It smells wonderful.
Maybe I should fill the store with flowers.

Give it to Marlene

Nothing happens until Barret comes in.

If you didn't buy a flower...

Tifa
I'm so glad everyone's safe.

Tifa
Sorry, Cloud. Marlene seems a little shy.

Marlene
............

Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie are sitting around a table relaxing.

Biggs
Aaah!! Nothin' like that first drink after a job.
Hic!!
Why don't you have one too?

Cloud
- No
- Yeah, why not?

No

Biggs
What!? You tellin' me you're too good to drink with me?
Don't act big-headed jus' because you were in SOLDIER!

Yeah, why not?

Biggs
Oh!! That's more like it!!
Even if you were in SOLDIER, you're still a rookie here. So you'd better listen to whatever I tell ya!

Biggs
Hic...!!
Oh...... Don't tell Barret what I just said.

Wedge
Oh, Cloud!
Tifa really knows how to cook. Mmm, mmm......
Anyway, let me tell you somethin'

Cloud
- About what?
- I'm not interested in your stories

About what?

Wedge
Tifa always lets me taste her cooking.
And look at me now, I'm rolly-polly.
Don't know whether I should be happy or sad. But it's the good food and drinks that make this shop famous.

I'm not interested in your stories

Wedge
Cloud...... ......forget it.

Jessie
Careless...... You're getting all excited.
Wonder what for......?

Cloud starts for the door, but has to jump out of the way as Barret comes thundering in.

Marlene
Papa, welcome home!

He lifts her up onto his shoulder.

If you gave the flower to Marlene...

Barret
Huh? Where'd you get that flower?

Marlene
Cloud gave it to me.

Barret
Oh......
Did you thank him?

Marlene
............
Thank you, Cloud.
We'll take care of you.

Tifa
You all right, Barret?

Barret
Great!!
Get in here, fools!! We're startin' the meetin'!!

Barret heads down to the basement using the pinball machine elevator, and the others follow. Cloud can wander the Sector a little more before joining them.

Back at the train station, the couple is still there.

Guy
Hey, come over here.

Girl
But people will...

Guy
Who cares?

Girl
But... There's a weirdo over there.

Guy
Huh?

He turns to Cloud.

Say, you're pretty gutsy.
Why don't you go snoop somewhere else, Romeo?

Closer to 7th Heaven...

Gossip
Did you hear?

Cloud
- 'Bout what?
- Don't care

'Bout what?

Gossip
About that little girl named Tifa and that bar called '7th Heaven'.
I'm not only informed, I'm kinda nosey too. Anyhow, I got the scoop.
You wanna hear?

Cloud
- You bet!
- Don't care

You bet!

Gossip
That Barret and three of his henchmen are like this sometimes.
Suddenly, they threw out a customer and start talking trash to him. It's strange, if you ask me. And that place always smells like gun powder.
It's dangerous, I tell you. They must be doing terrible things in there.

Don't care

Gossip
Oh really? Well, aren't you a cool one!

Don't care

Gossip
Oh really? Well, aren't you a cool one!

Johnny's Cousin
There's a TV in there, but my cheap aunt won't let me in the house. Look for yourself.

Johnny's Mom (from inside her house)
I'm not opening up. Go away!!

Johnny
Hey!! Open up! C'mon baby!!
It's me! Johnny! Mom!!

Johnny's Cousin
Now that you mention it, there used to be an outside TV monitor here in the slums.
But that Barret, busted it up.
Shot it up with that weird machine gun hand of his. Blam, blam, blam.
I think it was when President Shinra was on.
He was on again this morning, too, you know.
Tifa better watch out for her TV.

Kid
All's quiet!! Shh, I'm spying now!
OH!! There's something!! DANGER!! ALERT!!

Back in 7th Heaven, Tifa's still behind the bar, though the place is empty. Cloud walks up.

Tifa
Sit down.

Cloud sits.

Tifa
How about...
...something to drink?

Cloud
- I don't feel like it
- Give me something hard

I don't feel like it

Tifa
OHH!!
I can make a drink just as good as anyone else.
Everyone says, my drinks taste the best!

Give me something hard

Tifa
Just a minute. I'll make one for you.
You know, I'm relieved you made it back safely.

Cloud
What's with you all of a sudden? That wasn't even a tough job.

Tifa
I guess not...
You were in SOLDIER.
Make sure you get your pay from Barret.

Cloud
Don't worry. Once I get that money, I'm outta here.

Cloud gets up.

Tifa
Cloud. Are you feeling all right?

Cloud
...yeah... Why?

Tifa
No reason. You just look a little tired I guess.
You'd better go down below.

Cloud goes down to the basement. Jessie is working at her computer, while Wedge is sitting at the table in the center of the room. Barret is using a punching bag in the corner, and Biggs and Marlene are nearby on either side of him.

Wedge
You think I'm a little too uptight?

Cloud
- Yeah...
- No...

Yeah...

Wedge
The next mission will be to blow up the Sector 5 Reactor.
Cloud, you're great! Don't you ever get nervous?
Or are you like, impervious to feelings? Naw, that couldn't be it.

No...

Wedge
Well, that's ok. Don't worry about me. I don't look like it, but I'm a coward at heart.

The TV near Jessie's computer is on, showing the bombing. President Shinra is in the middle of a speech.

President Shinra
.........today the No. 1 Reactor was bombed. The terrorist group AVALANCHE has claimed responsibility for the bombing.
It is expected that AVALANCHE will continue its reign of terror.
But citizens of Midgar, there is no need to fear.
I have immediately mobilized SOLDIER to protect our citizenry against this senseless violence. Thank you and good night.

Jessie
Oops...
Hey, look at the news... What a blast.
Think it was all because of my bomb? But all I really did was just make it like the computer told me.
Oh no! I must've made a miscalculation somewhere.
Hey, that was my bomb's debut. Makes me kinda proud.

Barret
Yo, Cloud! There's somethin' I wanna ask ya.
Was there anyone from SOLDIER fighting us today?

Cloud
None. I'm positive.

Barret
You sound pretty sure.

Cloud
If there was anyone from SOLDIER you wouldn't be standing here now.

Barret
Don't you go thinkin' you so bad jes cuz you was in SOLDIER.

Barret lunges for Cloud, and Biggs tries to hold him back.

Cloud
............

Barret throws Biggs off, slamming him against the wall, and stands there seething.

Barret
Yeah, you're strong.
Probably all them guys in SOLDIER are.
But don't forget that your skinny ass's workin' for AVALANCHE now!
Don't get no ideas 'bout hangin' on to Shinra.

Cloud
Stayin' with Shinra?
You asked me a question and I answered it... that's all.
I'm going upstairs. I want to talk about my money.

Barret
Shucks!! ............money...

Marlene
Papa, you're so great!

Cloud starts to leave, but Tifa, who's come down in the midst of this, runs up to him.

Tifa
Wait, Cloud!

Barret
Tifa! Let him go!
Looks like he still misses the Shinra!

Cloud
Shut up!
I don't care about either Shinra or SOLDIER!
But don't get me wrong!
I don't care about AVALANCHE or the Planet for that matter!

Tifa
Straighten things up with everyone for me.

Jessie
Money...
Oh my. It must have been for a lot of it.
Sure! Well, what the hell? It's a verbal agreement. Now let me figure this out.
Oh stop it, Cloud! Did you hear me?

Wedge
......Cloud.
You say you don't care, but you came to talk to me.
Cloud... You just want friends.
Isn't that right?

Cloud
- Blow off
- I really don't care

Blow off

Wedge
Yeah, well. You look kind of lonely to me.
If you ever got anything you want to get off your chest, you can always talk to me.

I really don't care

Wedge
You're terrible. Real cold blooded.

Cloud goes upstairs and starts for the door. Tifa comes after him.

Tifa
Listen, Cloud. I'm asking you. Please join us.

Cloud
Sorry Tifa...

Tifa
The Planet is dying. Slowly but surely it's dying.
Someone has to do something.

Cloud
So let Barret and his buddies do something about it.
It's got nothing to do with me.

Tifa
So! You're really leaving!?
You're just going to walk right out ignoring your childhood friend!?

Cloud
What......?
- How can you say that!
- ......Sorry

Tifa (she says the same thing regardless)
......You forgot the promise, too.

Cloud
Promise?

Tifa
So you DID forget.
Remember...... Cloud. It was seven years ago...

The scene shifts to show the well in the center of Nibelheim. The sky is bright with stars.

Tifa
Look, the well.
Do you remember?

Cloud
Yeah... back then.
I thought you would never come, and I was getting a little cold.

In the memory, a young Tifa comes to join a young Cloud at the well.

Tifa
Sorry I'm late.
You said you wanted to talk to me about something?

Cloud
Come this spring... I'm leaving this town for Midgar.

Tifa
...All boys are leaving our town.

Cloud
But I'm different from all of them. I'm not just going to find a job.
I want to join SOLDIER.
I'm going to be the best there is, just like Sephiroth!

Tifa
Sephiroth... The Great Sephiroth.

Cloud goes around and climbs up to the top of the well. He nods.

Tifa
Isn't it hard to join SOLDIER?

Cloud
...I probably won't be able to come back to this town for a while.

Tifa makes a sobbing motion into her hands.

Cloud
...huh?

Tifa
Will you be in the newspapers if you do well?

Cloud
I'll try.

Tifa
Hey, why don't we make a promise?
Umm, if you get really famous and I'm ever in a bind......
You come save me, all right?

Cloud
What?

Tifa
Whenever I'm in trouble, my hero will come and rescue me.
I want to at least experience that once.

Cloud
What?

Tifa
Come on--! Promise me----!

Cloud
All right...... I promise.

A shooting star flashes across the sky.

Tifa
You remember now, don't you... our promise?

Cloud
I'm not a hero and I'm not famous. I can't keep...... the promise.

Tifa
But you got your childhood dream, didn't you? You joined SOLDIER.
So come on! You've got to keep your promise......

Barret climbs up the elevator shaft from below.

Barret
Wait a sec big-time SOLDIER!
A promise is a promise! Here!!

Received Barret's stash, 1500 gil!

Cloud
This is my pay? Don't make me laugh.

Tifa
What? Then you'll...!!

Cloud
You got the next mission lined up? I'll do it for 3000.

Barret
What......!?

Tifa
It's ok, it's ok.
psst, psst...... (We're really hurting for help, right?)

Barret
Uh...... ugh...... (That money's for Marlene's schoolin'......)
2000!

Tifa
Thanks, Cloud.

Cloud and the others go to sleep for the night.

Cloud wakes alone in the basement and heads upstairs.

Tifa
Good Morning! Cloud!
Did you sleep well?

Cloud
- Barret's snoring kept me up......
- Next to you, who wouldn't?

Barret's snoring kept me up......

Tifa
psstpsst...
(keep it down, they'll hear you. Barret's always edgy before an operation.)

Next to you, who wouldn't?

Tifa
I don't know what you mean.

Tifa
I'm going this time.

Barret
Our target's the Sector 5 Reactor. Head for the station first.
I'll fill you in on the train.
Yo! Cloud!
Before the next mission, I got somethin' I wanna ask you!
I, uh,...... I don't really know how to use Materia!
I'll give you that Materia you found. Just teach me how to use it!

Cloud
...sigh...
- Ok, I'll explain it
- You wouldn't understand

Ok, I'll explain it

Sure, I'll explain how Materia works.

A tutorial on materia ensues.

Barret
Shi......! What's this 'It wasn't that tough!' crap!
I'm clueless......
Well, you handle the Materia then!

You wouldn't understand

Barret
So this is what makes them guys in SOLDIER so great, huh!?
Ok. I'll ask Jessie again later. But you're in charge of the Materia!

Tifa
Cloud! I got a message from the Weapon Shop man upstairs.
He has something he wants to give you. Don't forget!
Marlene, you watch the store while we're gone!

Marlene
All right!! Good Luck.
Take care!

Cloud and the others leave 7th Heaven together. By now the Item Shop is open.

Item Shopkeeper
Ahh... Another slow day......
If this keeps up, this store's goin' under...
Can't sell any really good medicine in a slum like this.
Oh!! Look at this! This doesn't happen everyday. You a...... customer?
Yes!! Welcome!! We sell! We buy!

Returning to the Weapons Shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
He, HEY! Waitaminit you!!
You can't just walk outta here without buyin' somethin'...
Might be unhealthy fer ya, if ya know what I mean.

Kid
You dried up old geez. You tired?
Why don't you rest up on the third floor of my house?
There's just one condition.
You gotta give me some cash.

Cloud
- 1 gil
- 10 gil
- nothin'

1 gil

Kid
Damn, man!! Just forget about it!

10 gil

Kid
Oh man, oh man......
Go ahead 'n' help yourself to the room.

nothin'

Kid
Cheap %#*^

Black-haired Man
Heh heh... He'll forget about it. OH, you!!
Get my friend on the second floor to teach ya.

On the second floor, the Beginner's Hall is open.

Big Man
This is the Beginner's Hall.
You say you're a beginner? But your eyes say you're not.

Cloud
Don't mess with me. I used to be in SOLDIER. I'll tell you how much I know... an' for free too!

A tutorial menu opens.

If you talk to the dog, you enter a short controls tutorial, and then a finger appears over Cloud's head.

Cloud
Huh? Finger!? What the hell?

Finger
I'm the position cursor!! Call me whenever you're walking around confused!
Push the [SELECT] button and I'll appear over your shiny little head.

Cloud
Geez, you stand out even more than I do...

Finger
Am I in the way? If so, just push the [SELECT] button one more time.
I'm pretty busy myself, and can't always come when you need me. If I don't show up sometimes, don't get mad.
Later!

Inside the Beginner's Hall, a boy and girl are sparring.

Boy
......smack......knock......!!

Girl
Help!

Cloud
You've got to hang in there. You're limit gauge is just starting to build.

Girl
Waaaah!!

Cloud
Ok! Now your limit gauge is full, go ahead and use it! Fight with your limit technique.

The girl knocks down the boy.

Cloud
Great!

Boy
Magic!! Magic!!

Girl
Help!

Cloud
Calm down! When your enemy uses magic counter with [Magic Barrier] or [reflect].
[Magic Barrier] reduces the damage received from magic by half.
[reflect] bounces the attacks off you. But the number of times you can use it is limited so be careful.

The girl uses reflect and knocks down the boy.

Cloud
Great!

Boy
Wow! You sure are strong! I'm going to be strong, too!

Girl
Me too!

Cloud
If you want to get as strong as me you need to use Materia.
And you have to find the best combinations of them.
The type of Materia you put in your weapons and armor will determine how quickly your Materia grows.
Put Materia into the open slots in your weapons and armor. The possible combinations are limitless.
That's about all I can tell you. If you want to be like me, you have to have some natural talent.

Girl + Boy
I still don't get it!

Cloud
Listen kid, don't piss me off!
That's all right. Just give it a try. Little by little, you'll get used to it.

The kids go back to their sparring match.

Three Guys Posing
Hey SOLDIER!! Tell us about battles! We'll even pay you!

Cloud
I'm not hard up enough to take money from guys like you. But I'll rap with you for a while.

A tutorial menu opens.

On the third floor, there are some beds. If you haven't paid, the kid runs in after you.

Kid
This is a slum, so don't think you can stay for free.
What are you going to do?
Doesn't just seeing the bed make you sleepy?

Cloud
- 10 gil
- no way

10 gil

Kid
Sweet dreams, pops.

Cloud
hoo...

Cloud rests.

no way

Kid
Tough guy, huh!? You'd better sleep when you can.
You'd better save when you can.
That's the trick to being tough. Remember that, old dude.

Back outside, a small crowd is gathered around Johnny. Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie, who are among them, run off as soon as Cloud nears. Johnny's mom goes back inside her house.

Johnny
I'm leaving. Goin' faraway. But when I come back I'll be a better man! This is goodbye!
Hey! Childhood friend! You better take good care of Tifa!

Johnny runs off.

Johnny's Cousin
I hope he doesn't get hurt.
That worries me the most.

Gossip
Yesterday, everyone in town was peeking at the two of you from outside the bar.
Tifa's childhood friend. That's a good one!

Kid
Ahh! Now I ain't got no one to pick on!

Inside Johnny's house...

Johnny's Dad
Ha! Ha!...... I wonder if my son's already left?
When it's just my wife and I here, you have no idea how lonesome it gets.
You want them to be happy and do what they want while they're young, but being a parent, you can't help but worry...
I guess I'm not cut out to be a parent yet.
By the way......
Where are you from?

Cloud
- A village called Nibelheim
- Who cares?

A village called Nibelheim

Johnny's Dad
Hm...... you said Nibelheim? Wasn't it in the news a while back?
Something to do with a Reactor accident...
That was the first major Mako accident, so I remember it really being a hot topic.

Who cares?

Johnny's Dad
Ha, Ha!...... Well, there's nothin' wrong with that, I'd say.
But if you still have a family, You outta at least write them.
Even though you may turn your back on your hometown, It'll always be there for you.
Least that's how I see it.

Johnny's Dad
Well, you mind leaving the two of us alone?
I want to enjoy some quiet time together with my wife.

Johnny's Mom
He used to give us nothing but headaches when he was here, but now that he's gone... I kind of miss him.
......strange, isn't it?

Back outside...

Kid (standing by the door to 7th Heaven)
When it comes down to it... I'm gutless. I'm still just a no good kid.

Gossip
Listen! If there isn't anyone to listen, what's the use of getting gossip on everyone!?
Yeah, and you Mr. I-don't-care!
I'll get a little more information that would pique even your interest. You wait and see!

Johnny's Cousin
Ah... Johnny's gone. You look a little disappointed.
I don't like to say it myself but, I'm just a lonely guy when I'm not drinking.

Further on, to where the two soldiers are stationed...

Soldier 1
HALT!! No one is allowed to pass!!

Soldier 2
You know, I got some tickets to "Loveless", do you want to go?

Soldier 1
What're you, retarded? Midgar's under martial law now!

Soldier 2
You mean, you really are concerned for me?

Soldier 1
Hell no!! But in case you forgot, we're in the middle of a slum.
They could be anywhere around, so stay on your guard.

Soldier 2
Right. You mean the AVALANCHERS?
Don't you worry. SOLDIER has been added to the police force.
Boy, it's been a while since SOLDIER's been mobilized, hasn't it?
I ever tell you that I flunked the SOLDIER entrance exam?

Soldier 1
Damn right!! blahblahblah......
Hey shut up for a minute and let me get back to work!

Soldier 2
............sigh.

Soldier 1
What are you more scared of... AVALANCHE or me?

Soldier 2
Oh, you, of course.

Cloud and the others continue on to the train station. The same red-haired couple is still there.

Guy
I've had it!

Girl
Me too.

Guy
You know this is the first time, we've ever agreed on something.

Girl
Yes.....

Guy
Well then, shall we......?

Girl
Yes......

They move to embrace, but fall over from exhaustion.

Guy
urggh............

Girl
huff...... wheez

Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie are by the train, and they run inside as Cloud approaches.

Station Man
Morning. Dawn comes and things never change.
You be careful not to get hurt. Come on back again, hear?
ALL ABOARD! The train is about to depart.

Cloud and the others board the train.

Cloud and the others board the train from the Sector 7 station.

Barret
YO!
Looks like this ain't no private car. So split up!!

Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie run off to another car.

Shinra Manager
...hoodlums again. God, don't I just have all the luck...

The Shinra manager sits down just as Barret runs over.

Barret
You say sumthin'?
I said, 'you say sumthin'!?
Yo, look at that!! It got empty alluva sudden.
What's goin' on?

The manager jumps.

Shinra Manager
DAMN!!
I... it's empty because of... g, guys like you...

Barret pounds the wall above the manager and he jumps again.

Shinra Manager
Y, Y, YIPES!!
You... you've seen the news, right? AVALANCHE says there'll be more bombings.
Only devoted employees like me would go to Midgar on a day like today.

Barret jumps back and aims his gunarm at the man.

Barret
You workin' for Shinra?

Shinra Manager
I won't give in to violence... and I'm not giving up my seat either!

Tifa
Barret!!

Barret
&$#%!! You lucky ^$#^$.!

Barret turns away from the man. Tifa runs over and bows apologetically before joining Barret and Cloud.

Cloud
So, what are we gonna do now?

Barret
Shit! The hell you so calm about? You bustin' up my rhythm...

With a rumble, the train starts moving.

Tifa
Seems like they just finished connecting the cars. We're finally leaving.

Cloud
So what's our next target?

Barret
Hah! Listen to Mr. Serious-about-his-work!
Awright... I'll tell ya!
Jessie's probably already told you, but there's a security check point at the top plate.
It's an ID scan system checkin' all the trains.

Tifa
Which Shinra is very proud of.

Barret
We can't use our fake ID's anymore...

Good Morning, and welcome to Midgar lines. Arrival time at Sector 4 Station will 11:45.

Tifa
That means we've got only three more minutes to the ID Check point.

Barret
Alright, in three minutes, we're jumpin' off this train.
Got it!?

Barret sits down, and Tifa runs over to the railway map monitor.

Tifa
Cloud, come over here! Let's look at the Railway Map Monitor.

Train Bum
Hmmm......? You're the only ones that'll talk to me or come to my house.
I'm impressed.

Barret
Yo, Mr. know-it-all, big time SOLDIER! You oughta know the area 'round the No. 5 Reactor, right!
So let's hear YOUR explanation!

Shinra Manager
Waaaaah!!
Don... don't worry about me. (oh man, oh man, oh man...!! I'm gonna brag to everyone at work about this...)

Cloud joins Tifa by the map monitor.

Tifa
Hmm, it looks like you've seen this already...
It's all right. Come a little closer.

Cloud steps closer, but suddenly a red light starts flashing.

Tifa
That's odd. The ID Check Point was supposed to be further down.

Type A Security Alert!!
Unidentified passengers confirmed... A search of all cars will be conducted!
Repeat!! Type A Security Alert!!
Unidentified passengers confirmed... A search of all cars will be conducted!

Tifa
What's happening?

Barret
What's goin' on!!

Jessie runs in from the other car.

Jessie
We're in trouble.
I'll explain later. Hurry! Get to the next car!

Barret
^%#@%! Someone blew it...

Unidentified passengers located in Car #1
Preparing for Lock Down

Barret
Let's go! Keep it up!

Train Bum
Hm?... You'd talk to me even now?
I'm really impressed. Let me give you a little something as a reward.

Received "Phoenix Down"!

Train Bum
If I die in the gutter, use that to revive me, okay?

Cloud and the others move on to Car #2...

Car #1: Locked Down
Upgrading to Level 2 Warning

Biggs
Hurry!

Wedge
They're gonna lock the door, sir!

Unidentified passengers located in Car #2
Preparing for Lock Down

Jessie
Just run!
Changing to Plan 2!

Passenger
Hey, you guys are rowdy!
Well, just calm down.

Boy
Hyu----n! Hyu----n!

Girl
Does this mean we're in a major bind?

Person
Gosh!! You guys are adults, but you're making such noise.
Please behave while you're in the train.

Dark-clothed Man
Huh?
The hell!?
Do you want this?

Cloud
- Yeah...
- My mistake

Yeah...

Dark-clothed Man
Wow! I won't even charge you...
Wha-t? Don't get used to it though.

Received "Hi-Potion"!

Dark-clothed Man
Wha-t? You sure are greedy.

My mistake

Dark-clothed Man
Wha-t? Let me know when you need me.

On to Car #3...

Car #2: Locked down
Upgrading to Warning Level 3

Barret
Awright! We clear!?

Jessie
Not yet. They're starting another check. If we're caught, we're done for!
But, don't worry. If we move up the train, car by car, we should get past it!

Jessie runs towards the next car, punching some guy in her way.

Unidentified Passengers: Moving to front of Train
Currently tracking location

Thief
Hee hee!!

Johnny
Later... Goodbye... Adios, Midgar!!

Downed Man
urrrrrrg

On to Car #4...

Car #3: Locked Down
Upgrading to Warning Level 4

Naked Man 1
Brrrrr......
It's terrible. Who'd expect underwear bandits in this day and age?
They wiped me out!

Naked Man 2
Any idea what happened?
All I know is, when I woke up the 3 of us were butt-naked!
But I guess you couldn't relate...

Naked Man 3
That scary broad made me take the bomb.
Of course I couldn't very well refuse her!

On to Car #5, where Biggs and Jessie are dressed in Shinra uniforms. Wedge is dressed in overalls.

Car #4: Locked Down
Upgrading to maximum security alert!!

Barret
All right!! We made it!
Yo!! This way!!
Let's go!! We're gonna dive outta here!!

Wedge
Guess who? It's me, Wedge!
Looks like things were a success.
I look just like my little brother in these clothes...
I wonder how everyone's doin' now...?

Jessie
It's me, Jessie. How do I look, Cloud?
Do I look good in a Shinra uniform?

Cloud
- Yeah...
- Not now

Yeah...

...you look great, just like a man.

Jessie
Yay!! I'm so happy ...I think?

Not now

Just concentrate on our plan.

Jessie
You're right, sorry.

Tifa
...Scary... huh.

Cloud
Too late to be saying that now. Why'd you come along anyway?

Tifa
Because...

Barret
Hey you two! There ain't no time for that!
Yo!! Ain't no time to waste!!
...do something!

Tifa
Yeah!! I've made up my mind!
Watch closely. I'm gonna jump!!

She jumps from the train.

Cloud
You don't care if I go first?

Barret
A leader always stays till the end.
Don't worry 'bout me, just go!
Yo! Don't go gettin' your spikey-ass hurt!
It's only the beginnin' of the mission!

Cloud shrugs and jumps. Barret turns to Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie.

Barret
Later! You take care of the rest!

Barret jumps, too.

[skip to the train tunnel]

There are several alternate scenarios if you don't make it to the last car in time.

If you don't make it past the 1st car...

Car #1: Locked Down
Car being sent to the Station

Barret
C'mon!! Hurry your slow ass up! That's it, huh?

Tifa
Oh well...

Barret opens the outside door.

Barret
We're gonna jump outta here!! Follow me!!

Tifa
We got a lot of battles ahead of us. This's going to be tough.

Cloud scratches his head and follows them in jumping off the train.

Barret
Oh man...... We were forced to get this far out.
We can't just go back now. We've gotta go on.
Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie did good. Now, it's our turn!
Well, the reactor's just down this tunnel!

If you don't make it past the 2nd car...

Car #2: Locked down
Car being sent to station

Barret
What? That's it!?

Tifa
That didn't do anything!

Barret opens the outside door.

Barret
We'll jump from here!! Follow me, you 'spensive leech!!

Tifa
Phew-----! Be strong!

Cloud scratches his head and follows them in jumping off the train.

Barret
Oh man...... We were forced to get this far out.
We can't just go back now. We've gotta go on.
Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie did good. Now, it's our turn!
Well, the reactor's just down this tunnel!

If you don't make it past the 4th car...

Car #4: Locked down
Illegal ID will be taken to Station

Barret
The hell!? So this is as far as we go...?

Tifa
We were almost there.

Barret
We're gonna jump off here!! Follow me!!

Tifa
Don't worry! Don't worry!

They jump from the train.

Barret
That was close. I thought we were gonna get caught...
They probably don't realize that we've sneaked in yet. We should get to the reactor in no time.
Biggs, Wedge, and Jessie did good. Now, it's our turn!
Well, the reactor's just down this tunnel!

Back to the main scenario. In the train tunnel...

Barret
Good, so far everything's going as planned.
Better not let your guard down till we get to the Sector 5 reactor.
Biggs, Wedge and Jessie got everything ready for us. So MOVE it.
Well, the reactor's just down this tunnel!

At the end of the tunnel, there are light beams blocking the way.

Cloud
Those light beams are the Shinra's security sensors. We can't go any further.
After coming this far, only an amateur'd get caught by the security sensor.

Cloud moves to inspect an airduct.

Barret
That's one damn tiny hole. You tellin' me to squeeze into that to get under the Plate? No way!
Yo, Cloud, what're we gonna do?

Cloud
- Look inside closely
- Go down
- Don't go down

Look inside closely

Tifa
...There seems to be nothing that'll get us stuck in this duct.

Cloud
Yeah. If we go down this duct, we won't be able to come back up here.

Barret
Don't be wastin' time. Never know when the Shinra'll find us.
Cloud you jes' gotta go.

Cloud
- Go down
- Don't go down

Go down

Barret
But, damn man, that thing gives me the chills.

Don't go down

Barret
Whaddya mean we're not goin' in? There ain't no other way of gettin' to the Sector 5 reactor 'cept through here.

Eventually Cloud and the others go down the hole and come out in the maintenance walkways beneath the Sector 4 plate.

Wedge
Cloud, this way. The reactor's up this ladder.

Going up the ladder, they run across Jessie.

Jessie
I'm sorry.
The ID scan problem on the train was all my fault.
I made your ID card special...... So that's why it happened...
I put my heart into making it. But I failed.
Next time, I'll give you something more decent.
I'll be back at the hideout in my research room workin' on it.

Onward, down a different ladder...

Biggs
We're gonna pull out now. We'll meet up at the hideout.
Cloud, we're countin' on you to blow the reactor!

They move onwards into the reactor. When they near its core, Cloud suddenly collapses.

In the Nibelheim reactor of five years prior, Tifa is kneeling by her father's body.

Tifa
Papa...
Sephiroth!?
Sephiroth did this to you, didn't he!?
Sephiroth... SOLDIER... Mako Reactors... Shinra... Everything!
I hate them all!

She takes Sephiroth's sword and runs farther inside the reactor.

Barret
Damn man, get a hold of yourself!

Tifa
You all right?

Cloud
......Tifa.

Tifa
Mmm?

Cloud
No... forget...... Come on, let's hurry!

Cloud gets up and turns to Barret.

I know. You're my watch, right?

Barret
Damn straight.
Tifa's old friend... That ain't good enough.

Cloud sets the bomb, and they hurry out of the reactor. Coming out of the elevator, they reach a closed door, and a room on the side with three large buttons.

Tifa
Jessie said we all have to push the buttons at once.

If Cloud fails to push the button at the right time...

Tifa
No good. Let's try it again.

Eventually they succeed and run on out of the reactor.

Barret
This way!

He stops when Shinra soldiers come out of the exit he was heading for.

Shinra soldiers!?
SHIT! What the hell's goin' on?

Cloud
...a trap...

They all turn to look as President Shinra comes out of the reactor.

Barret
Presi... President Shinra?

Tifa
Why is the President here?

President Shinra
Hmm... So you all must be that... ...what was it?

Barret
AVALANCHE! And don't ya forget it! And you're President Shinra, huh?

Cloud
Long time no see, President.

President Shinra
...Long time no see? Oh... you.
You're the one who quit SOLDIER and joined AVALANCHE. I knew you'd been exposed to Mako, from the look in your eyes...
Tell me, traitor... what was your name?

Cloud
Cloud.

President Shinra
Forgive me for asking, but I can't be expected to remember each person's name.
Unless you become another Sephiroth.
Yes, Sephiroth... He was brilliant. Perhaps too brilliant...

Cloud takes a step back.

Cloud
Sephiroth......?

Barret runs up, pushing Cloud aside.

Barret
Don't give a damn 'bout none of that! This place's goin' up with a big BANG soon! Serves y'all right!

President Shinra
And such a waste of good fireworks, just to get rid of vermin like you...

Barret
VERMIN!? That's all you can say... VERMIN!
Y'all Shinra're the VERMIN, killing the planet! And that makes you King VERMIN! So shu'up jackass!

President Shinra
...You are beginning to bore me.
I'm a very busy man, so if you'll excuse me... I have a dinner I must attend.

Barret
Dinner!? Don't gimme that! I ain't even started wit' you yet!

President Shinra
But, I've made arrangements for a playmate for you all.

He snaps his fingers, and a whirring noise starts up.

Tifa
!? What's that noise?

Barret
The hell is this!?

A robot zooms in from the left.

President Shinra
Meet 'Airbuster', a techno-soldier. Our Weapon Development Department created him.
I'm sure the data he'll extract from your dead bodies will be of great use to us in future experiments.

Cloud
...Techno-soldier?

A helicopter comes up from below to hover near President Shinra.

President Shinra
Now then, if you'll excuse me.

Cloud
Wait, President!

Shinra climbs onto the helicopter, and it flies off.

Barret
Yo, Cloud! We've gotta do somethin' 'bout him!

The techno-soldier lunges at Barret and Tifa.

Tifa
Help, Cloud!
THIS is from SOLDIER?

Cloud
No way! It's just a machine.

Barret
I don't care what it is!! I'm gonna bust him up!

They fight and defeat the Airbuster, but it explodes. Cloud falls into the gap in the bridge created by the explosion but manages to catch the far edge with one hand.

Barret
It's gonna blow! Let's go, Tifa!

Tifa
Barret! Can't you do something?

Barret
Not a damn thing.

Tifa
Cloud! Please don't die! You can't die! There's still so much I want to tell you!

Cloud
I know, Tifa......

Barret
Hey, you gonna be awright?

Cloud
- (Be strong)
- (I don't know if I can hold on...)

(Be strong)

............
You worry about yourselves! I'm all right, but take care of Tifa!

Barret
...Alright. Sorry 'bout all this.

Cloud
Stop talkin' like this is the end!

(I don't know if I can hold on...)

Shit! Can't hold on much longer. Barret... Hurry!

Barret
Don't go cryin' like a woman. There ain't nothin' I can do for ya. Ya gotta do it yourself.

Cloud
Barret...

Barret
Alright, then, later.

The reactor explodes, and Cloud loses his grip, falling into Sector 5 below. Tifa reaches for him, but Barret pulls her back.



......You all right?
......Can you hear me?

Cloud
......Yeah......

Back then...... You could get by with just skinned knees......

Cloud
......What do you mean by 'back then'?

What about now? Can you get up?

Cloud
......What do you mean by 'that time'? ......What about now?

......Don't worry about me. You just worry about yourself now.

Cloud
......I'll give it a try.

Flower Girl
Oh! It moved!
Whew... Am I glad.

......How about that?
Take it slow now. Little by little......

Flower Girl
Hello, hello?

Cloud
......I know.
Hey... who are you?

Flower Girl
Hello, hello!

Cloud struggles for a second, then manages to sit up. He finds himself in a flower bed in an old, run-down church.

Flower Girl
You okay?
This is a church in the Sector 5 slums.
It suddenly fell on top of me. It really gave me a scare.

Cloud
......I came crashing down?

Flower Girl
The roof and the flower bed must have broken your fall. You're lucky.

Cloud
Flower bed...... is this yours?

He leaps up.

Sorry about that.

Flower Girl
That's all right. The flowers here are quite resilient because this is a sacred place.
They say you can't grow grass and flowers in Midgar.
But for some reason, the flowers have no trouble blooming here.
I love it here.
......So, we meet again.
......Don't you remember me?

Cloud
- Yeah, I remember you......
- Never saw you before

Yeah, I remember you......

- You were selling flowers
- You're the slum drunk

You were selling flowers

Flower Girl
Oh! I'm so happy!
Thanks for buying my flowers.

Or, if you didn't buy a flower:

Oh! I'm so happy!
You didn't buy any flowers from me though. Well, that's okay.

You're the slum drunk

Flower Girl
Excuse me, but that's really rude!
I don't remember a thing.
But I'll forgive you, because you bought flowers from me.

Or, if you didn't buy a flower:

Excuse me, but that's really rude!
I don't remember a thing.
Well, that's okay.

Never saw you before

Flower Girl
......I guess you don't remember. You were walking in a daze.
But I'll forgive you, because you bought flowers from me.

Or, if you didn't buy a flower:

......I guess you don't remember. You were walking in a daze.
Well, that's okay.

Flower Girl
Say, do you have any materia?

Cloud
Yes, some.
Nowadays you can find materia anywhere.

Flower Girl
But mine is special. It's good for absolutely nothing.

Cloud
......good for nothing? You probably just don't know how to use it.

Flower Girl
No, I do...... it just doesn't do anything.
I feel safe just having it. It was my mother's......
Say, I feel like talking. Do you feel up to it?
After all, here we are meeting again, right?

Cloud
- I don't mind
- Got nothing to talk about

I don't mind

Flower Girl
Wait here. I've got to check my flowers. It'll just be a minute.

Got nothing to talk about

Flower Girl
......oh, I see.
Ahhh. I wonder whose fault that is. It takes a lot to grow them, you know. Poor flowers.

She crouches down by the flower bed. Cloud walks over to her.

Flower Girl
Just a little longer.
Oh!
Now that you mention it......
We don't know each other's names, do we?
My name is......
I'm Aeris, the flower girl. Nice to meet you.

While they're talking, a redhead in a blue suit (Reno) walks into the church and stops just inside the door.

Cloud
The name's Cloud.
Me......? I do a little bit of everything.

Aeris
Oh...... a jack of all trades.

Cloud
Yeah, I do whatever's needed.
What's so funny? What are you laughing at?

Aeris
Sorry...... I just

She notices Reno and stops.

Sorry, bad timing on my part.
Cloud! Don't let it get to you!

Cloud shrugs.

Reno
Don't worry about me.

Aeris
Say, Cloud. Have you ever been a bodyguard?
You DO do everything, right?

Cloud
......Yeah, that's right.

Aeris
Then, get me out of here. Take me home.

Cloud
OK, I'll do it... but it'll cost you.

Aeris
Well then, let's see......
How about if I go out with you once?

Cloud steps back and shakes his finger at her. Then he walks forwards towards Reno.

Cloud
I don't know who you are, but......
You don't know me......?

......I know you.

Flash of white.

Cloud
Oh yeah...... I know you.
that uniform......

Three soldiers run enter behind Reno, laughing.

Soldier
......Hey sis, this one's a little weird.

Cloud
Shut up! You Shinra spy!

Soldier
Reno! Want him taken out?

Reno
I haven't decided yet.

Aeris
Don't fight here! You'll ruin the flowers!

She runs towards the door to the left of the altar.

The exit is back there.

She and Cloud run through. Reno walks forward across the flower bed.

Reno
They were...... Mako eyes.
Yeah, all right. Back to work, back to work.

He approaches the exit and then runs back.

Oh!
And don't step on the flowers......

Soldiers
Hey Reno, you just stepped on them!
They're all ruined!
You're gonna catch holy hell!

In the back room of the church, Cloud and Aeris hurry up a set of stairs towards the rafters. They stop before a broad gap in the floorboards as Reno and the soldiers run in.

Reno
There they are, over there!

Aeris
Cloud... that one!

Cloud
I know. Looks like they aren't going to let us go.

Aeris
What should we do?

Cloud
Well we can't let them catch us, can we? Then, there's only one thing left.

He jumps the gap.

Aeris! This way!

She walks to the gap and shakes her head. Cloud nods.

Cloud
All right. I'll hold them off.

Aeris
Right. Make sure they don't get through!

Reno
The Ancient is getting away! Attack! Attack! Attack!

The soldiers fire at Aeris and she tumbles down to the bottommost floor.

Aeris
Eaygh!!

Cloud
Aeris!

Reno
Think we killed 'em? They shouldn't have put up a fight, I say!

One of the soldiers advances on Aeris.

Aeris
Cloud, help!

Cloud
Damn!

He looks up at the barrels on the rafters.

What's that......?
Aeris!
- Hold on a minute!
- Fight 'em!
- RUN!

Hold on a minute!

Aeris
A, all right.

Cloud
Here's a barrel. If I can just push it over......
Push the barrel?
- Yes
- No

If he pushes the right barrel...

The barrel falls down and knocks over the soldier.

Soldier
Nwahh!

Aeris
Thanks, Cloud.

If he pushes the wrong barrel...

The barrel falls and lands on the ground.

Aeris
Oh, Cloud, what are you doing!?

She has to fight the soldier anyway.

Fight 'em!

Aeris
A, all right.

She steps forward to fight the soldier.

RUN!

Aeris
A, all right.

She runs for the stairs.

Somehow or another, Cloud and Aeris dispatch the three soldiers, and then Aeris joins Cloud up in the rafters.

Cloud
Aeris, this way.

He leads her up through a hole in the roof. They stop for a moment outside.

Aeris
Ha, ha...... They're looking for me again.

Cloud
You mean it's not the first time they've been after you?

Aeris
...no.

Cloud
They're the Turks.

Aeris
Hmmm......

Cloud
The Turks are an organization in Shinra. They scout for possible candidates for SOLDIER.

Aeris
This violently? I thought they were kidnapping someone.

Cloud
They're also involved in a lot of dirty stuff on the side.
Spying, murder... you know.

Aeris
They look like it.

Cloud
But, why're they after you? There must be a reason, right?

Aeris
No, not really. I think they believe I have what it takes to be in SOLDIER!

Cloud
Maybe you do. You want to join?

Aeris
I don't know... But I don't want to get caught by THOSE people!

Cloud
Then, let's go!

They start off across the roofs, Cloud running ahead.

Aeris
Wait... Wait, I said!

Cloud turns to wait for her to catch up.

Aeris
Puff... wheeze...
Slow...... down... Don't leave me......

Cloud
Funny...
I thought you were cut out to be in SOLDIER?

Aeris
Oh! You're terrible!

They both laugh.

Aeris
Hey...... Cloud. Were you... ever in SOLDIER?

Cloud
......
...I used to be. How did you guess?

Aeris
...Your eyes. They have a strange glow...

Cloud
That's the sign of those who have been infused with Mako...
A mark of SOLDIER.
But, how did you know about that?

Aeris
......Oh, nothing.

Cloud
Nothing...?

Aeris
Right, nothing!
Come on, let's go! Bodyguard!

They continue on and jump down from the roofs.

Aeris
Whew! Finally made it off! Now what...

She looks around.

My house is over here. Hurry before he comes.

If Cloud runs back into the church, he finds two small children there.

Boy
Um, we're, um taking care of the um, flowers for the um, lady here.
......is that ok?

Cloud
- I don't mind
- No it's not!

I don't mind

Take good care of them.

Boy
Yeah!

Girl
Sure!

No it's not!

That's too much to ask of kids.

Boy
Too much to ask? What's that? I don't get it.

The children run back to the flower bed.

Boy
They're purty!

Girl
I'm gonna water them later......

Cloud and Aeris continue through Sector 5. Two men are blocking the way to Sector 6.

Brown-haired Guy
Aaaaah...... what a drag. You wanna go to that store in Sector 6 again?

Redhead
Huh? The hell are you? The hell do ya think you're talkin' to!!

Not far from them is a large segment of pipe that's been converted into a small, one-room home.

Person Outside the Pipe
That guy in the pipe's a weird one. No matter what you ask him, he only answers 'uuh' or 'aahh'.

Aeris
This guy are sick.
He passed out nearby and someone must have helped him here.

She and Cloud step into the pipe.

Man
ooh...... aaah......... aghhhh......

Aeris
This is the one...... Won't you help him?

Man
ooh...... aaah......... aghhhh......

Cloud
Listen, I'm no doctor.

Aeris
No... I guess not...
Hey... that man has a tattoo. I think it was the number 2.

They go back outside and continue towards her house.

Man in Straw Hat
You ever hear of Wall Market?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Nope

Yeah

Man in Straw Hat
Oh yeah? Then maybe I should have you pick something up for me next time you're there...

Nope

Man in Straw Hat
It's a market in the slums of Sector 6. They've got everything you could ever want there.
If you can get there, that is. The road's something else.

Woman Walking Around
What am I doing? I'm walking around looking at the ground.
You find a lot of things people dropped when you look down. You never find them when you're looking up. Right?

Inside the Materia Shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
I don't care if it's scrap metal or materia. We can get anything here in the slums.
Got a lot of good materia here. Why don't you look it over?

If Cloud looks inside the shopkeeper's freezer...

Materia Shopkeeper
Hey!
Don't come barging into my house and be opening up my freezer! Didn't your mother ever teach you that?

Inside the Item Shop...

Item Shopkeeper
...stare... ......hmph... we only trade items for gil here.

In a nearby house, a man is watching TV.

Man
Hmph......! Everything President Shinra says is a lie.
But then again, you can't trust that AVALANCHE, or whatever you call them.
You can bat it around all you like. But in the end it comes down to wanting to be like those who live up above.
So who do you believe in? Oneself! Me! I never lie to myself, that's for sure!
I only believe what I say. That's because I never lie to myself.

And now for the news.
Due to a terrorist attack by the group named AVALANCHE, parts of Midgar that were temporarily out of power will be restored momentarily.
Following President Shinra's lead, Mayor Domino also spoke out public against AVALANCHE.

Upstairs...

Flyer
Turtles Paradise News No. 1
For delicious wine with a nice ring to it......
Stop on by the "Turtle's Paradise"!!

Kid Sleeping
glug... glug...
Now... no one... will find it... num...
The top one... and the bottom one...

Cloud walks to the set of drawers.

Cloud
............
......huh?
- Open the top drawer
- Open the bottom drawer
- Open the hidden drawer between the drawer

The top and bottom drawers are empty, but in the hidden drawer is 5 gil, which Cloud has the option of taking.

Back outside...

Person Running Around
Outta the way! Move! You want something... move into the store!

Inside the Weapon Shop...

Man
Huh? You want weapons? That's too damn bad......
I ain't got no weapons to sell ya! And the reason why is...
...the weapon store's over that way.

Weapons Shopkeeper
Take care of yourself. It's the law of the slums. But to do that, first you need weapons, right?

Kid
Toot toot! Next stop... Midgar Midgar.
Any passengers getting off on Midgar should please ring.
You know, Midgar's supposed to be sparkly 'n' springy 'n' sleeky.
Oh yeah. Someday, I'm goin' there.

They reach Aeris's house and go inside.

Aeris
I'm home, mom.
This is Cloud. My bodyguard.

Elmyra
Bodyguard......? You mean you were followed again!?
Are you all right!? You're not hurt, are you!?

Aeris
I'm all right. I had Cloud with me.

Elmyra
Thank you, Cloud.

She turns and walks upstairs.

Aeris
So what are you going to do now?

Cloud
...Is Sector 7 far from here? I want to go to Tifa's bar.

Aeris
Is Tifa...... a girl?

Cloud
Yeah.

Aeris
A girl...friend?

Cloud
Girlfriend?
- No way!
- Yeah, that's right

No way!

Aeris
Hee hee hee......
You don't have to get THAT upset...

Yeah, that's right

Aeris
Oh, how nice.

Aeris
Well, that's... nice.
Let's see, Sector 7? I'll show you the way.

Cloud
You gotta be kidding. Why do you want to put yourself in danger again?

Aeris
I'm used to it.

Cloud
Used to it!?
......Well, don't know... getting help from a girl...

Aeris
A girl!! What do you mean by that!?
You expect me to just sit by and listen, after hearing you say something like that!?
Mom! I'm taking Cloud to Sector 7. I'll be back in a while.

Elmyra comes back down from upstairs.

Elmyra
But dear... I give up. You never listen once you've made up your mind.
But if you must go, why don't you go tomorrow? It's getting late now.

Aeris
Yeah, you're right, mom.

Elmyra
Aeris, please go and make the bed.

Aeris disappears upstairs.

Elmyra
That glow in your eyes... you're from SOLDIER, right?

Cloud
Yeah. Rather I used to be...

Elmyra
......I don't know how to say this, but...
Would you please leave here, tonight? Without telling Aeris.
SOLDIER... the last thing Aeris needs is to get her feelings hurt again...

Cloud heads upstairs.

Aeris
You need to go through Sector 6 to get to Sector 7. Sector 6 is a little dangerous so you'd better get some rest tonight.
Cloud...
Good night.

She turns and goes downstairs.

Cloud
Oh, man...

Cloud goes to sleep.

...seem pretty tired......

Cloud
.........!?

I haven't slept in a bed like this ...in a long time.

Cloud
...Oh, yeah.

Ever since that time.

Flashback to Cloud's house in Nibelheim, where Cloud is lying sprawled on his bed, his mother walking about nearby.

Cloud's Mom
My, how you've grown.
I'll bet the girls never leave you alone.

Cloud
...Not really.

Cloud's Mom
...I'm worried about you.
There are a lot of temptations in the city...
I'd feel a lot better if you just settled down and had a nice girlfriend.

Cloud
...I'm all right.

Cloud's Mom
You should have...
an older girlfriend, one that'll take care of you.
I think that would be the perfect type for you.

Cloud
......I'm not interested.

Cloud wakes up.

Cloud
...I must've fallen asleep.
Sector 7's past Sector 6... I should be all right by myself...

Cloud starts past Aeris's room, but if he hits the creak in the floorboards, Aeris runs out of her room.

Aeris
Cloud! I thought the Turks came back! Get some rest!

Cloud goes back to sleep for a bit.

Cloud
Can't get caught this time...

Slipping past her room, Cloud goes downstairs and leaves Aeris's house.

Cloud
Through Sector 6 to get to Sector 7. I should be able to do it alone...

He heads through Sector 5 alone, only to find Aeris waiting at the exit.

Aeris
You're up bright and early.

Cloud
How could I ask you to go along when I knew it would be dangerous?

Aeris
Are you done?

Cloud scratches his head sheepishly.

Aeris
You have to go through the slum in Sector 6 to get to Tifa's 7th Heaven.
I'll take you there. Come on!

She runs off, and Cloud follows.

Aeris and Cloud head through Sector 6 and arrive at the playground.

Aeris
The gate to Sector 7's in there.

Cloud
Thanks. I guess this is goodbye. You gonna be all right going home?

Aeris
Oh no! 'What ever will I do!?' ...isn't that what you want me to say?

Cloud
- See her home
- Take her to Sector 7

See her home

Aeris
Isn't that a little out of the way?

Cloud
Yeah, I guess so.

Take her to Sector 7

Aeris
I could do that. But won't I be in your way?

Cloud
What do you mean in the way?

Aeris
Nothing!

Aeris
Can we take a break?

She wanders into the playground and stops by the slide with a cat's face.

I can't believe it's still here.

She runs around and climbs up on top of it.

Cloud, over here!

Cloud shrugs and joins her.

Aeris
What rank were you?

Cloud
Rank?

Aeris
You know, in SOLDIER.

Cloud
Oh, I was...

Flash.

First Class.

Aeris
Just the same as him.

Cloud
The same as who?

Aeris
My first boyfriend.

Cloud
You were... serious?

Aeris
No. But I liked him for a while.

Cloud
I probably knew him. What was his name?

Aeris
It doesn't really matter.

The gate to Sector 7 opens, and a chocobo-drawn carriage comes out. Tifa is riding in back, wearing a revealing blue dress. Cloud jumps to his feet.

Cloud
Huh? Hey, back there......
Tifa!?

The carriage pulls past them and into Wall Market.

Aeris
That girl in the cart was Tifa? Where was she going? She looked kind of odd...

Aeris jumps off the slide and runs after the carriage.

Cloud
Wait!
I'll go on alone! You go on home!

He sighs and follows her into Wall Market.

Aeris
This place is scary in a lot of ways. Especially for a girl. So we've got to find Tifa fast.

Man outside Honey Bee Inn
I just can't make up my mind... Mmm.
Huh? About what?
Hmmm, don't make me say it... It's the shop down on the right.

On to the Honey Bee Inn, a brothel outside of which a number of guys are hanging around.

Johnny
Man... Should I go...... or not?
...I get so mental at times like this. I'm hopeless!!
Hey!! Aren't you...?
What!! You mean you're... too?

Cloud
- Yeah, me too.
- Don't bring me down to your level

Yeah, me too.

Johnny
You're Tifa's childhood friend, and you brought a new girlfriend to a place like this!?
What kind of guy are you!!

Don't bring me down to your level

Johnny
What... Me too. I decided this after a lot of deep thought. My last memories of Midgar... you know.
But... That guy over there kinda scares me.

Punk
What the hell!! You *%^&!! This ain't no #$*&^% show!! I'm busy right now!!
I'm feelin' like there's gonna be a fight!!

Shinra Soldier
Urrrrgh... no way...... I can't go on.
Things aren't working out.
Between our differences and my pay, it just isn't cutting it.

Older Man
Welcome!! Even unpopular dweebs, like you may meet their destiny here!!
You looking for a girlfriend too?

Cloud
- You know a girl named Tifa?
- This place doesn't interest me.

You know a girl named Tifa?

Older Man
Hey, you're pretty fast. Tifa's our newest girl.
But, unfortunately, she's having an interview right now.
Here at the Honey Bee Inn, it's customary for all the new girls to be taken to Don Corneo's mansion.
Don Corneo's a famous dilettante. Now he wants to settle down and is in the market for a bride.

This place doesn't interest me.

Older Man
Hmm... Seems to like it just fine. Good for you.

Redhead in Suit
The Honey Bee Inn is a private club. Only members can go in. Shoo, shoo.

Back to the main streets...

Kid by Cat Statue
Aren't cats great? This one's a little big, huh?

Punk
Hey boy! You shore got a good lookin' heifer there!
Take her to the Don's place, and you'll make a mint.

Man Cooking Outside
It's a little early to start eating. Come back in a bit.

Inside the Materia Shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
...We're closed now.

Man Outside Dress Shop
Oh... what should I do... Should I just buy it......?

Inside the dress shop...

Customer
Don't push! Hooligan!

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Welcome. Please take your time.

Back outside again...

Man
All this trash. Can't we do anything with it?

Man 2
All this, belongs to the owner of the Weapons Shop. He keeps picking things up and saving them here.

Man
Oh, you mean the owner who even has a tank in his shop.

Man 2
But no matter how you look at it, it's just trash...

Inside the gym...

Man Using Punching Bag
Join the club.
Try it with us.

Beautiful Bro
Oh dear. I've gained weight again.

Men Doing Squats
All right... 1, 2, 3. Squats are all in the rhythm.
I'm doing my best, bro'!
How's... this!?

Inside the bar...

Clothing Shop Owner
Whew, times are bad.

Redhead
...And then...

Redhead 2
Hmm, hmmm, oh really?

Barkeeper
Yes? If you want to order, do it at the counter.

Man Waiting Outside Bathroom
Hey, could you do somethin' for me? Someone's been in there all day and they're not comin' out. I can't hold it anymore!

Redhead in Bathroom
HEY... someone's IN here... Don't look!
Got any medicine on you? I'm too hyper... and...... ugh......

Inside the weapon shop...

Weapon Shop Owner
You want somethin'? I don't wanna hear any complaints 'bout how things look.

At Don Corneo's mansion...

Doorman
This is the mansion of Don Corneo, the most powerful man in Wall Market.
Look, the Don's not into men. So don't let me catch you around here again...
Hey, and you got another cute one with you!

Aeris and Cloud step aside to talk.

Aeris
Hey, this look's like the Don's mansion. I'll go take a look.
I'll tell Tifa about you.

She starts for the door.

Cloud
No!! You can't!!

Aeris
Why?

Cloud
You DO know... what kind of... place this is, don't you?

Aeris
Then what am I supposed to do? You want to go in with me?

Cloud
Well being a man, that'll be pretty hard. Besides if I bust in there, it'll cause too much commotion.
But, I just can't let you go in alone... Oh, man......

At this point, Aeris starts laughing, but Cloud continues without noticing.

First... we need to find out if Tifa's alright...
What's so funny, Aeris?

Aeris
Cloud, why don't you dress up like a girl? It's the only way.

Cloud
WHAT!?

Aeris runs over to the doorman before he can protest further.

Aeris
Just wait. I've got a cute friend I want to bring.

Cloud
Aeris! I can't......

Aeris
You ARE worried about Tifa, aren't you? Them come on, hurry!

Doorman
A friend, huh...? Sounds pretty good to me.
That'll make the Don happy, too. Who knows, maybe I can...... heeee, hee hee.

Now that they know where Tifa is, it becomes possible to enter the Honey Bee Inn.

Man outside Honey Bee Inn
Nope, I just can't make up my mind. Here, you take this. You won't be able to get in without it.

Received Key Item "Member's Card"

Older Man
Mmm! Please, please!

Redhead in Suit
Hey! Is that a "Member's Card" I see shining in your hot little hand?
Please, come in.

Cloud
...Hmm. That's how you'll fool them.

Aeris
.........Hmmmmmmm. So that's how you fooled them.

Cloud
Let's go!!

Cloud runs inside, leaving Aeris behind. Inside, all the women are dressed in bee costumes.

Lady
Poo, I uh, mean, Sir...
Hurry...
Please choose a room. (Gosh, he's so weird... but then again, they all are.)

    The Queen's Room
    The Lovers' Room
    The dressing room
    The &$#% Room
    The Group Room
    Leaving the Honey Bee Inn

The Queen's Room.

Cloud
Looks like this room's being used.
- Take a listen
- Take a peek

Take a listen

Cloud
............

There is a wind blowing and ominous thunder.

Take a peek

Cloud
......Wooo... ow!!

......The wind's calm now......
It's the curse of the resurrected Satan... Our beloved Queen does not awaken...
The time is ripe...
A legend has been passed on through generations...

First Speaker
Psst...... (Hey, shouldn't we stop him soon?)

Second Speaker
...whisper... whisper... (We have a luncheon with President Shinra...)

First Speaker
Psst...... (You tell him......)

Second Speaker
Psst...... (I can't tell him......)

First Speaker
Psst...... (Come on!! Oh, well......)

A legend has been passed on through generations...

Second Speaker
Psst...... (I'm so disgusted with the President.)

......the sought after Promised Land......

First Speaker
Psst...... (It's like this every time we have a business trip to Midgar.)

......One with Blue Eyes...

First Speaker
(We come all the way to Midgar, just for this...)

......and a Great White Sword on his back......

Second Speaker
Psst... (What're you complaining about. You're just holding the lights. I've gotta wear this heavy armor!)

......Will not lead to the Promised Land......

First Speaker
Psst...... (I know, I know... but it's all part of the job.)
Psst...... (Oh yeah, did you hear? The President's wife found out about this little hobby of his.)

Second Speaker
Psst...... (Ha, ha...... No way, that's the first I've heard of it.)

First Speaker
Psst...... (Oh, looks like he's done. Man, I'm glad!!)

Second Speaker
Geez!! Mr. President!! I mean, Your Majesty......

There are slapping noises.

Second Speaker
Ohhh...... I'm sorry. Please remove the ancient curse!

The Lover's Room.

Cloud
Looks like this room's being used.
- Take a listen
- Take a peek

Take a listen

Cloud
............

There are odd sort of snoring sounds.

Take a peek

Cloud
......Wooo...ow!!

Old Man
...wheez...
Phew...

Old Woman
What's wrong, Grandpa? You keep sighing.

Old Man
...wheez... puff... You know, Grandma...

Old Woman
You talking about this room?

Old Man
...whew... I know our son rented this for us and all, but...
It's too nice for us. Big round bed, gorgeous tub, I just can't get comfortable.

Old Woman
Don't worry about it. It's a high class neighborhood, in the Big City.
You keep complainin' and we'll get in trouble.

Old Man
...wheez...

In the dressing room, three women sit in front of vanity mirrors.

Woman
Hmm, hmm, hmm......
Ohhh, I just can't seem to lose weight. Hmm, hmm, hmm...
Sir!! You can't come in here.
(Yuk...... a pervert...)
Oh my!! (...You're still here? Oh well, good timing anyway.)
Hey, what do you think about me?

Cloud
- Not interested
- Whatever...

Not interested

Woman
NO WAY! I'M SO SHOCKED!!
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm...... Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm... Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm...
Phew...... ...it's so tiring.
Oh!!
Is something the matter?

Cloud
- Not yet......
- ......Not really

Not yet......

Woman
OH......!!

......Not really

Woman
Hmph......!! Listen you, not that it matters, but you sure do know how to make people mad.

Whatever...

Woman
Oh my!! Are you embarrassed? (Man!! Why are you so moody...)

Woman 2
Eyaaah!
Don't watch!!
Eyaaah!
Don't!

Woman 3
Paste, paste, paste...
(Oh God... here's another one of those guys. You know, the delicate type. Just ignore him, just ignore him.)
Fluff, fluff, fluff...
(Hmm...! I guess he doesn't realize his position. I feel sorry for him. Just ignore him, just ignore him.)
Pita, pita, pita...
(God, what a pest! All right, get out of here! You dog...)
(That's it, I'll name him 'pooch'.)
Mix, mix, mix......
(What should I do... Is he following me? Really? What if he follows me home...?)
(Poochy'll do it, I'm sure of it...)
Shake, shake, shake...
(You think he's after me? Really? This guy makes me sick... And his eyes are weird too...)
(Yeah, don't hurt these guys' feelings. Let's at least say 'hi' to him.)
Uhh...... Hel... Hello.
What a nice day, today.

Cloud
- Introduce yourself
- Say Goodbye

Introduce yourself

By the way, I haven't introduced myself yet.
I'm Cloud, a jack of all trades.

Woman 3
Oh, yeah...? Welcome, Cloud.
(Gross! Don't get carried away, remember your name is 'Pooch!')
Take care... Cloud.

Say Goodbye

Woman 3
BYE!! (Phew - I'm safe now...)

The &$#% Room.

Cloud
Looks like it's unoccupied.
- I guess I'll take this one
- Hold ground

Cloud
I'll take this room.

Lady
All right. Now all we have to do is enter the room.
You're not going to have a change of heart, are you?

Cloud
- Don't make me repeat myself
- I'm still trying to decide

Don't make me repeat myself

Lady
Oh, don't be angry with me... (Geez... this one's probably the violent type...)
All right, please.

Cloud enters the room.

I'm still trying to decide

Lady
There you are. Enjoy yourself (You moody creepo!)

Cloud
............

Inside the room, there's a translucent Cloud crouching in the corner.

Cloud
Hmm......? You......?

What are you doing in a place like this?

Cloud starts clutching his head in pain.

That's what I want to ask you. Should you be foolin' around here?
You think problems will just go away just thinkin' about them?

Cloud collapses.

Lady
Oh no!
Help! Someone...! Hurry!

You can't change anything by just sitting back and looking at it.

Cloud
What are you saying?

It's started moving.

Cloud
What has?

Wake up!

rub, rub, rub... rub, rub, rub, rub...
thump... pound... thump... pound...
poik... poik... ...squish.

Cloud
Uh... OW...!!

Cloud's HP/MP Restored!

Wake up!!

Cloud wakes up to find a mustached man slapping him.

Mukki
Wake up!!
Phew, I'm so relieved.
Bubby!! I heard you collapsed.
No, no, no.
Don't get so uptight.

Cloud
- Huh...?
- Ugh...?

Mukki (he says the same thing regardless)
Hmm...? They say youth is so long but so short.
Let's give this next one your best shot.

He gets up.

Time's up. Bye, bubby.

Cloud gets up.

Mukki
Don't get depressed over a thing like this.
It happens to me all the time.

Lady
I'm so sorry... There's a lot of 'adult' things going on...
For your inconvenience, Please take this, okay?

Received Key Item "Lingerie"!

Cloud
What, this rag? For me!? I just don't get it.

The Group Room.

Cloud
Looks like it's unoccupied.
- I guess I'll take this one
- Hold ground

Cloud
I'll take this room.

Lady
All right. Now all we have to do is enter the room.
You're not going to have a change of heart, are you?

Cloud
- Don't make me repeat myself
- I'm still trying to decide

Don't make me repeat myself

Lady
Oh, don't be angry with me... (Geez... this one's probably the violent type...)
All right, please.

Cloud enters the room.

I'm still trying to decide

Lady
There you are. Enjoy yourself (You moody creepo!)

Cloud
............

Lady
This way, please.
Shall we begin?
I guess since you chose this room, that would mean you...
Hate being lonely?

Cloud
- I'm used to being alone
- Cut the small talk

I'm used to being alone

I'm always alone.

Cut the small talk

I don't want to talk right now.

Lady
All right, all right. (...geez, you're so moody!)
Come on, everyone's waiting.

Cloud
- Everyone...?
- What am I doing?

Lady
Here they are.
All right, everyone.

Men
One, two!! One, two!!

A group of maybe fifteen men runs in.

Men
Yeah!!
One, two!! One, two!!
One, two!! One, two!!

Mukki
Wassup!!
(Smile, smile, smile...)

Cloud
Oh man...
What should I do...?
- I'm outta here.
- This could be dangerous...

I'm outta here.

I've got no time to mess around with you.
Outta my way!

This could be dangerous...

Looks like I'm always going to be facing crises all my life...

Mukki
...heave... pant...
Don't be so embarrassed! Loosen up, bubby!
...heave... pant...
Let's wash off all our sweat and dirt together!
Wassup!!

The men advance on Cloud, and the camera raises above their heads.

Mukki
You're the intimate type, huh!!
...heave... pant... Wow!! Would ya look at that!

Somehow they all get into the tub, and the camera lowers again.

Mukki
Isn't bathing great...?
It soothes your heart.
How is it, bubby!?
Feels good, huh?

Cloud
- ......
- It hurts

......

I don't feel good. Let me out...

It hurts

Too stuffy in here...

Mukki
You'll get used to it. Try counting to ten.

Cloud
Ten...
Nine...

Mukki
Hey bubby, how old are you?

Cloud
Eight...
Twenty one...

Mukki
You're less than half my age. I'm so jealous.
So how 'bout it...?
Do you wanna join my "Young bubby's" group?

Cloud
- Not interested
- ............

Not interested

Seven...
Six...
Maybe in another life.

............

Seven...
Six...
Not to be rude or anything, but could you go do someone else?

Mukki
Well, if that's how you feel... too bad.
We have a trip planned at a cabin out in the country.

Cloud
Five...
Four...
Three...
Two...
One...
Alright, that's ten. I'm gettin' out.

Mukki
Why don't you stick around and play a bit?
Daddy's so lonely...

They all get back out of the tub.

Mukki
Bubby!! This is important to me.
Here's a memento of our time together!

Received Key Item "Bikini briefs"!

Mukki
Hope we meet again!

The men all run out.

Cloud
This is SOME underwear... I'm supposed to wear this...?
Well, if it's to save Tifa... I guess there's no way around.

Cloud gets up and shrugs.

If Cloud walks back into the dressing room...

Woman 3
.............

Cloud
If I were to dress up like a woman... Then I've got to really prepare carefully.
Seems like I could put makeup on here.
- Have them put makeup on
- Don't do it

Cloud
I have a favor to ask of you. Can you put makeup on me too?

Woman 3 (turning around to face him)
...paste, paste, paste......
Oh... my......

Women
...............oh my......

Cloud leaves the dressing room and exits the Honey Bee Inn. Outside, Aeris is surrounded by the men hanging around, but they scatter when Cloud steps out.

Older Man
Uh, sir!! It's almost closing time...
So, please remember any personal belongings.

Shinra Soldier
Uuuuuuuh! I want flowers too! But, I get so nervous in front of cute girls...
It just seems natural to get cautious...

Aeris
Hey!! Cloud!!

She runs over to join him.

Johnny
Aeris...... Thanks for the flower and 1 gil.
I'll treasure this! I'm going to dry it and keep it for good luck.

Redhead in Suit
I bought some pretty flowers from Aeris.
500 gil, a little expensive. Well, at least I got her name.

Punk
I asked Aeris for a date...
And she said not even if I paid her 1,000,000 gil.
Her flowers cost 300 gil, too... She's a good business woman.

Back on the main quest. Aeris and Cloud head to the dress shop.

Aeris
Excuse me! I'd like to get a dress.

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Umm, it might take a little time. Will that be all right?

Aeris
What's the problem?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Well, my father, the owner, has been in a slump lately. You see, he makes all the dresses.

Aeris
And, where is your father?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
He's probably plastered at the bar.

Aeris
So... You're saying we can't get a dress unless we do something about your father?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Yes, I'm sorry. He's caused so much trouble.
!
You'd help me bring him back?

Aeris
Well, if we don't do something, we don't get a dress, right?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Really!? Please help my crazy old dad. I just don't know what to do anymore...

Aeris
All right, we'll do something. Let's go, Cloud!

On talking to her again:

Shopkeeper's Daughter
So how did it go?

Cloud
We couldn't find him yet.

Heading on over to the bar, they approach a man slouched at the counter.

Aeris
Excuse us, are you the father of the girl at the Clothing Store?

Clothing Shop Owner
I own the Clothes Shop... but I ain't your father.

Aeris
I didn't say that......

Cloud
Make me some clothes.

Clothing Shop Owner
I don't make men's clothes. And I don't feel like makin' anything right now.

Aeris
Cloud, you wait over there for a second. I'll try and talk to him.
Why don't you go over there and have something to drink.

Cloud turns away.

Aeris
You know, Mister.
He always said that just once, he'd like to dress up like a girl.
So, that's why I wanted a cute dress for him...

Clothing Shop Owner
What!? A tough lookin guy like that?

Aeris
So, how 'bout it? Will you make him one?

Clothing Shop Owner
...might be interesting. I was gettin' a little bored just makin' regular clothes.

Aeris
Then you'll do it for us?

Clothing Shop Owner
Yeah, all right. What kind of dress you want?

Aeris
Something...
- That feels clean
- That feels soft
And something...
- shiny
- that shimmers

Depending on her answers, the clothing shop owner makes either a silk or a cotton dress.

Clothing Shop Owner
Hmm, got it. Y'know I got a friend that has the same taste as him. I'll go talk to him.
Hey, hold on. Wait till I get an image in my head. Gulp... ummm, that's good.

Cloud and Aeris return to the dress shop, the owner having preceded them.

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Looks like everything went well. He's been making the dress ever since he came back.

Clothing Shop Owner
Oh, you're here. It's ready. Go try it on.

Received Key Item "Cotton/Silk Dress"!

Cloud goes into the changing room, and after a few moments of shuffling--

Cloud
How...... do you put this on?

Aeris walks over, peers in, and shakes her head.

Cloud
Whoa! What are you doing!

Aeris
It's still not right. A wig! That's what you need!

Clothing Shop Owner
Umm, I thought you might, so I talked to my friend about getting one.
You know the gym? You'll find a lot of people there like you. Go and talk to them.

Cloud comes out of the dressing room in his usual attire.

Cloud
...'like you'? Aeris, what did you tell him?

Aeris
Does it matter? Anyhow, we got a pretty dress!

Off to the gym...

Beautiful Bro
You the one...... Who wants to be cute?

Cloud
Cute?

Aeris
Right.
And about the wig...

Beautiful Bro
Yeah, I heard. But it'll cost ya.

Black Man
Urrrrgh!!!
Big Bro!! The only way you're gonna get cuter is if you can beat Big Bro!!

Other Guys
That's right!
So, you've got to compete with us!

Beautiful Bro
You're right. Let's do squats.
All right! We'll beat you out of this gym!

Cloud
Are you...?

Aeris
THE beautiful Bro?

Beautiful Bro
What? You didn't know? Always running around here sayin' Big Bro' this, Big Bro' that...
Never mind that, come over here.
No, I'll explain the rules.
From the ready position, push [] Button to squat, push X Button to get up, and push O Button to go back to the ready position.
So it's [] Button, X Button, O Button in that order.
Got it?

Cloud
- Don't have it
- Got it

Beautiful Bro
Whoever has the most squats after 30 seconds gets the wig.

Black Man
I'm not going to lose.
Big Bro's wig is MINE!!

Beautiful Bro
Just be quiet...
It's not fair for you to start right away, So, you want some practice?

Cloud
- A little
- Don't need to practice

Beautiful Bro
Now let's begin the real thing. Start!

If Cloud wins...

Beautiful Bro
He had 13 squats and you had 19 squats.
You're really something. Okay, I'm a man of my word, here you are.

Received Key Item "Blonde Wig"!

Black man
Big Bro I'm so mad I'm so so so---mad!

The Beautiful Bro kicks him across the room.

Beautiful Bro
Shut up! Don't cry, just because you lost!

Black Man
Uuuuhh, Bro's fists of steel cut to the bone!

If the two tie...

Beautiful Bro
He had 16 squats and you had 16 squats.
Good job. Here's a hand-me-down.

Received Key Item "Dyed Wig"!

Black Man
Hey, Bro. I... I was supposed to get that.

The Beautiful Bro kicks him across the room.

Beautiful Bro
Shut up! You have no room to talk, tying with a beginner like him!!

Black Man
Uuuuhh, Bro's fists of steel cut to the bone!

If Cloud loses...

Beautiful Bro
He had 17 squats and you had 13 squats.
Sorry You lose.
Since the old man from the clothing store asked me, I can't keep it from you, so...
Oh, now where did I put it?
All right then.

The black man pulls it out from... somewhere and hands it to Cloud. Beautiful Bro punches him.

Beautiful Bro
Stupid! What kinda place is that to hide it in!?

Black Man
Uuuuhh, Bro's fists of steel cut to the bone!

Beautiful Bro
Sorry... you should still be able to use it if you disinfect it first.

Received Key Item "Wig"!

Just the wig will do to get Cloud into Don Corneo's mansion, but other supplies make the disguise more convincing, so he and Aeris can continue to wander Wall Market in search of them...

Man Outside Restaurant
Please come in. Here's a free 'Pharmacy Coupon' if you enter now.

Inside the restaurant...

Waitress
Welcome! Sit wherever you like!

There is only one empty seat.

Waitress
Have a seat over here.

Cloud
- Sit down
- Don't sit down

Waitress
Yes, what will you have?

Cloud
Hmm...
- Korean B.B.Q. Plate
- Sushi Plate
- Today's Special

Waitress
One [dish name].

Cook
Comin' up!

Waitress
In this store, you pay first. It'll be 70 Gil.

If you don't have enough money...

Waitress
Hey! Cancel that last order!
Excuse me! You can't come in here and order things without any money. Come again... when you have money.

If you do have the money...

Waitress
Thank you. Just a second.
There you go. Enjoy.

Cloud
- .........
- It was all right
- I've had better dog food

Nothing happens unless he says "It was all right." On subsequent visits after obtaining the pharmacy coupon, the waitress will say "Thank you very much" no matter what Cloud tells her.

Waitress
Thank you. Here's an item coupon for the Pharmacy.
You can exchange it for one item there.
We're out of coupons, so we stopped giving them away. Watch out for our NEXT promotion!

Received Key Item "Pharmacy Coupon"!

Tanned Man
Umf... grunt... smack... Don't sneak up on me like that!

Redhead
I'm gonna get another Pharmacy Coupon today.

Dark-haired Man
It's thanks to the Don that we can eat like this.

Person in Blue
I always get the Special.

Man in Hat
umf... scarf... glub...

Cloud leaves the restaurant and heads to the pharmacy. It takes a moment for the shopkeeper to notice him.

Pharmacy Owner
Whoa!
Why don't you say something, if you're standing there?
Oh, you have a coupon. Then please select any one medicine you like.

Cloud
- Disinfectant
- Deodorant
- Digestive

Received Key Item "Disinfectant/Deodorant/Digestive"!

Either the disinfectant or the digestive can yield a more useful item if Cloud heads back to the bar...

Redhead in Bathroom
HEY!! Someone's IN here... Don't look!
What...... urk......

Cloud
- Give her medicine
- Don't give her it

Give her medicine

Redhead in Bathroom
Huh? You'll really give me some? Thanks.

If Cloud gives her the Disinfectant...

Redhead in Bathroom
What is this...? Oh well.
It didn't do a thing, but thanks anyways. Here, this is for your kindness.

Received Key Item "Cologne"!

She leaves the bathroom and the man waiting runs in.

If Cloud gives her the Digestive...

Redhead in Bathroom
Phew, I feel better now. This is for your kindness.

Received Key Item "Sexy Cologne"!

She leaves the bathroom and the man waiting runs in.

Don't give her it

Nothing happens.

One last item can be obtained in the materia shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
Hey man. Got a minute? I need to talk... man to man.

Cloud
......
- What is it
- Not interested

What is it

Materia Shopkeeper
Really! I really appreciate it.
......I'm sorry but, young lady? Would you turn the other way, for a second?

Aeris
Why......?

Cloud
......Aeris.

Aeris (turning away)
Gosh!

Materia Shopkeeper
I'm sorry, lady.
Now here's the thing. Do you know that vending machine in the Inn?
I'm itchin' to know what they're selling in it. I just can't ask a girl to go get it.
What? Why don't I buy it myself? Well to tell you the truth, I got in a fight with the guy at the Inn and can't go there anymore. Come on, so how 'bout it?

Cloud
......
- I'll go
- Not interested

I'll go

Materia Shopkeeper
Good, thanks. I'll be waitin' here when you're done.

Aeris
Finished?

Not interested

Materia Shopkeeper
Sorry about that. Just forget it.

Aeris
Finished?

Not interested

Materia Shopkeeper
Sorry about that. Just forget it.

Off to the inn...

Guy Outside
Hey, you two. Why don't you get some rest?
We have a beautiful room, how 'bout it?

Cloud gets a room, and during his stay, he walks out to the vending machine.

Cloud
He means this?
- Don't buy it
- Buy the one for 200 Gil
- Buy the one for 100 Gil
- Buy the one for 50 Gil

Don't buy it

Back to the materia shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
How was it?

Cloud
Not yet.

Materia Shopkeeper
Hmm, I'm countin' on you.

Buy the one for 200

Back to the materia shop...

Cloud
I got it.

Materia Shopkeeper
Oh, really!! Hey!

Aeris turns away again.

Aeris
Geez.

Materia Shopkeeper
And what was it?
A protein drink set. That jerk. I'm gonna do so much more business than him, his head'll spin.
Thanks, bud. I'm motivated now. Take this, it's not much......

Received Key Item "Diamond Tiara"!

Buy the one for 100

Back to the materia shop...

Cloud
I got it.

Materia Shopkeeper
Oh, really!! Hey!

Aeris turns away again.

Aeris
Geez.

Materia Shopkeeper
And what was it?
A Stamina Drink Set. That jerk. I'm gonna do so much more business than him, his head'll spin.
Thanks, bud. I'm motivated now. Take this, it's not much......

Received Key Item "Ruby Tiara"!

Buy the one for 50

Back to the materia shop...

Cloud
I got it.

Materia Shopkeeper
Oh, really!! Hey!

Aeris turns away again.

Aeris
Geez.

Materia Shopkeeper
And what was it?
A Muscle Relaxing Cream Set. That jerk. I'm gonna do so much more business than him, his head'll spin.
Thanks, bud. I'm motivated now. Take this, it's not much......

Received Key Item "Glass Tiara"!

Materia Shopkeeper
Come by again. I'll still be here doin' business.

All items obtained, there is nothing for it but to return to the dress shop...

Clothing Shop Owner
Looks like you're all set. Now try it on, and let's see how it fits.

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Looks like you got it. So try it on for size.

Aeris
Aren't you going to change?

Cloud
- Okay... I'm ready
- Not now

Cloud changes in the dressing room and steps out.

Clothing Shop Owner
Hmm, not bad. This may be a new business for me.

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Yeah, you're right. Should we try it?
Thanks for showing us something new. My father's got his motivation back now, So the dress is on the house.

Aeris
Walk more nicely like... this. Miss Cloud.

Cloud
...What do you mean 'nicely'?

Cloud walks primly around the room.

Aeris
Oh you're so cute, Miss Cloud.
Aaah, I want one. Do you have one that'll look good on me too?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
How's this?

Clothing Shop Owner
How about that one?

Shopkeeper's Daughter
Father, what are you talking about? This one's much better.

Clothing Shop Owner
No, what are you saying? This one.

Aeris
...I want THIS one.

Shopkeeper's Daughter + Clothing Shop Owner
Huh?

Aeris
I'm going to go change.

She walks to the dressing room, then turns to look at everyone.

......No peeking!

Everyone stares at the curtain while she changes, and after a few moments she emerges in a red dress with her hair down.

Aeris
So? How do I look?

Cloud just shakes his head.

Aeris
Oh, you're no fun!

Shopkeeper's Daughter (to Cloud)
...Hmm. It's REALLY somethin'.

Customer
You're...
Weird.

Clothing Shop Owner
Hmm, good. It looks good on you.

They leave the dress shop and can now wander around a bit without being recognized. If Cloud tries to leave Wall Market, Aeris hangs back.

Cloud
What's wrong, Aeris?

Aeris
...What is it? Are you going outside like that? I mean, that's okay with me, but...

Cloud
...Oh, yeah.

Aeris
Get a hold of yourself, Ms. Cloud.

Punk
Hey! Pretty lady. Let me tell you about a good job!
Go to the Don's place. You'll make a small fortune!

Outside the Honey Bee Inn...

Men
Yeow!! Hey, Princess!!

All the men run over.

Johnny
Uh... ummm I, I......
Uh... ummm....
I'm... Jo...... Johnny... Nice to meet you.

Redhead in Suit
Yeah, I only talk to the pretty ones.
Mmmm, you're the one. You're just great.

Punk
That's funny. A hard, spiky hairstyle! Looks kinda familiar...

Older Man
Ummm, young girls... soft skin. Ummm, OK, I'm refreshed now!
...Mmmm? Pretty hard. You work out?

At the restaurant...

Waitress
Sorry! But we're completely full! Please come again!

Man Cooking Outside
What? Are you ladies going to eat too?

At the Materia shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
I'm sorry, we're sold out and I've got nothing for you.

At the gym...

Beautiful Bro
Ummm, not quite there.

Or:

Hmm, pretty good.

And finally... off to Don Corneo's mansion...

Doorman
Damn!! Your friend's hot, too!
Come in, come in!!
Two ladies coming through!!

The door opens, and Cloud and Aeris walk through.

Redhead in Suit
Hey, ladies.
I'll go and let the Don know you're here. Wait here. Don't go wandering around...

Aeris
Now's our chance. Let's find Tifa.

Of two doors upstairs, one is closed, and the other reads "Office of The Don Corneo Keep Out!" Aeris and Cloud go down a long set of stairs to the basement, where they find Tifa. When Cloud sees her, he turns away. Aeris goes over to talk to her alone.

Aeris
...Tifa?
Nice to meet you. I'm Aeris.
Cloud's told me a lot about you.

Tifa
...And you are?
Hey you're the one with Cloud in the park...

Aeris
Right, with Cloud.

Tifa
Oh......

Aeris
Don't worry. We just met. It's nothing.

Tifa
What do you mean, 'Don't worry'... about what?
No, don't misunderstand.
Cloud and I grew up together. Nothing more.

Aeris
Poor Cloud, having to stand here and listen to both of us call him nothing.
Right, Cloud?

Tifa
Cloud?

If Cloud tries to run away upstairs, Aeris comes after him.

Aeris
Embarrassed? Come on, speak up!

Cloud walks up to Tifa, head down.

Tifa
????

She peers at him and then jumps several feet in the air.

Cloud!?
Why are you dressed like that!? And what are you doing here!?
Forget that, what happened to you after the fall!? Are you hurt!?

Cloud
Hey, give me a chance to answer.
I'm dressed like this...... because there was no other way to get in here.
I'm all right. Aeris helped me out.

Tifa
Oh, Aeris did...

Cloud
Tifa, explain. What are you doing in a place like this?

Tifa
Yeah, ummm......

Aeris
Ahem!! I'll just plug my ears.

She walks a short distance away and puts her hands to her ears.

Please, go on with your private conversation.

Tifa
...I'm glad you're OK.

Cloud
Thanks. What happened?

Tifa
When we got back from the Number 5 reactor, there was this weird man.
So Barret caught him and squeezed some information out of him.

Cloud
That's when the Don's name popped up.

Tifa
Right, Don Corneo.
Barret told me to leave the lech alone...
But something's been bothering me.

Cloud
I see. So you wanted to get the story straight from Corneo's mouth.

Tifa
So I made it here, but now I'm in a bind.
Corneo is looking for a bride.
Everyday, he gets three girls, chooses one of them, and then... ...and, well......
Anyway, I have to be the girl... or I'm out for tonight.

Aeris
Sorry... but I overheard...
If you know the three girls, there's no problem, right?

Tifa
I guess so, but...

Aeris
We have two here, right?

Cloud
No, Aeris! I can't have you get involved.

Aeris
Oh? So it's all right for Tifa to be in danger?

Cloud
No, I don't want Tifa in...

Tifa
Is it all right?

Aeris
I grew up in the slums... I'm used to danger.
Do you trust me?

Tifa
Yes. Thanks, Ms. Aeris.

Aeris
Call me Aeris.

Redhead in Suit
He---y!!
It's time, ladies. The Don is waiting!
I told you not to wander around... I tell ya, women nowadays...
Hurry up, will ya!

Cloud
I probably don't need to ask but the other girl is......
Me...... right?

Tifa
You're right, there was no need...

Aeris
...to ask.

Tifa
Ha ha... You know, if you look closely, you're not so bad...
I wonder what Barret would say if he could see you now...

Aeris
They're going to get suspicious if we don't hurry.

The three of them head back upstairs.

Redhead in Suit
The Don's waiting in his room... Ha ha ha...

They enter Don Corneo's office, where he is seated at his desk, flanked by two lackeys.

Kotch
All right, ladies!
Line up in front of the Don!

Cloud, Aeris, and Tifa line up in front of the desk, and Corneo jumps up.

Don Corneo
Hmmm! Good, splendid!
Now, let's see... Which girl should I choose? Hmm---hmm---!

He walks to Cloud, who turns his head.

This one?

He walks to Tifa.

Or this one?
Woo-hoo, I've made up my mind!!
My choice for tonight is......

Depending on the items collected for Cloud's disguise, Don Corneo will choose one of the three.

    Tifa
    Aeris
    Cloud

Corneo walks to Tifa.

Don Corneo
This little beauty!

Tifa
Fu, fu, fu... Be nice, Don.

Corneo turns to his lackeys.

Don Corneo
You can have the other ones!

Kotch + Scotch
Yes, sir! Thank you sir!

Don Corneo
Well then, shall we go my pretty!?

He starts for his bedroom and Tifa follows. After a scene change, Cloud ends up in the basement with a bunch of guys.

Scotch
Hey guys! We've got guests.
We'll take REAL good care of you.
This is all thanks to the big boss, Don Corneo!

Men
Heeey!! Three cheers for Don Corneo!!

Scotch
Heh, heh... Well ladies, are we, uh, all ready?
...leer...snicker...

Redhead in Suit (by the door)
Whoa!
Slow down, what's the hurry? Why don't you stick around... We'll treat you real nice!

The men crowd around Cloud with arms outstretched like zombies.

Men
Oh your eyes. They seem to... glow. I'm all yours, baby!
Come on, baby!
Woo-hoo! I gots ants in my pants wanna do a dance, gotta take a chance and mebbe find romance!
Come on, dance with me, beautiful. They say if two people dance together, their hearts will become one, also...
Hey... you're in pretty good shape. Lookit your tight little bod......
No, it's more like... muscles...

Scotch
Hey... what's wrong? You want me to keep you company?

Cloud
No... I'm flattered, but no thanks.
Because...

Scotch
Because......?

Cloud
Because...
I ain't INTERESTED in a buncha scrubs like you!!

Cloud takes off the dress, revealing his usual uniform underneath.

Scotch
Wha... a MAN!???
God damn it! You think you can get away with this! Get him! Knock the crap out of him!!

Cloud fights off three of Corneo's lackeys.

Scotch
Grr! C'mon, what's the matter with you good for nothings!?
All right now, COME ON! I'll show you how it's done!!

Cloud dispatches Scotch and the other two lackeys. He then hurries back towards the other basement room, where Kotch is chasing Aeris around.

Aeris
No---!!

Kotch
Ha ha ha... Wait you!!

Aeris runs up the steps towards Cloud, then turns around to give Kotch a shove.

Aeris
I'm so sorry!!

Kotch
oh, oh, oh......

He falls down the stairs.

heh, heh, heh...!!

Cloud
Aeris!!
- You all right?
- We gotta help Tifa!

You all right?

Aeris
I told you. I'm used to danger.
To tell you the truth, my heart was pounding!

We gotta help Tifa!

Aeris
Ye... yes, you're right... ......let's hurry!

Kotch (lying at the bottom of the stairs)
C'mon... just once... I won't tell... I promise!
I just wanted to act like I got a cute girl...
Cute!!

In Corneo's room, Tifa is sitting on the edge of his bed while he sits leering at her.

Don Corneo
Woo-hoo!
Come, come, don't be so shy...

Tifa
I know......
But you know, Don Corneo, I'd like you to explain something before we start...

Don Corneo
Hm? Oh, you mean about THAT?
Don't worry. I'm single. There, feel better now?

Tifa
No... I'm not asking about that......
Wa... wait a minute! No, not yet!!

Don Corneo
Come! Come!
Aooooooooh!! I can't wait any longer! Here comes papa!!

Cloud and Aeris run in.

Tifa
Cloud!!

Tifa jumps up as Corneo leaps for her, and he lands on his face.

Don Corneo
Wha... what the hell? Who goes there!?

Tifa
You still don't get it do you, Don Corneo?

Don Corneo
Get what?

[skip to the interrogation]

Corneo walks to Aeris.

Don Corneo
This slender little girl!

Aeris
Don, you've got great taste.

Corneo turns to his lackeys.

Don Corneo
You can have the other ones!

Kotch + Scotch
Yes, sir! Thank you sir!

Don Corneo
Well then, shall we go my pretty!?

He starts for his room and Aeris follows. After a scene change, Cloud ends up in the basement with a bunch of guys.

Scotch
Hey guys! We've got guests.
We'll take REAL good care of you.
This is all thanks to the big boss, Don Corneo!

Men
Heeey!! Three cheers for Don Corneo!!

Scotch
Heh, heh... Well ladies, are we, uh, all ready?
...leer...snicker...

Redhead in Suit (by the door)
Whoa!
Slow down, what's the hurry? Why don't you stick around... We'll treat you real nice!

The men crowd around Cloud with arms outstretched like zombies.

Men
Oh your eyes. They seem to... glow. I'm all yours, baby!
Come on, baby!
Woo-hoo! I gots ants in my pants wanna do a dance, gotta take a chance and mebbe find romance!
Come on, dance with me, beautiful. They say if two people dance together, their hearts will become one, also...
Hey... you're in pretty good shape. Lookit your tight little bod......
No, it's more like... muscles...

Scotch
Hey... what's wrong? You want me to keep you company?

Cloud
No... I'm flattered, but no thanks.
Because...

Scotch
Because......?

Cloud
Because...
I ain't INTERESTED in a buncha scrubs like you!!

Cloud takes off the dress, revealing his usual uniform underneath.

Scotch
Wha... a MAN!???
God damn it! You think you can get away with this! Get him! Knock the crap out of him!!

Cloud fights off three of Corneo's lackeys.

Scotch
Grr! C'mon, what's the matter with you good for nothings!?
All right now, COME ON! I'll show you how it's done!!

Cloud dispatches Scotch and the other two lackeys. He then hurries back to the other basement room and meets Tifa as she's running out.

Tifa
Cloud!!

Cloud
Tifa!!
- You all right?
- We've gotta help Aeris!!

You all right?

Tifa
Of course! If you take me lightly, you're gonna pay for it!!

We've gotta help Aeris!!

Tifa
Hey, don't you even care about how I am? ......never mind, let's go!

Kotch (lying at the bottom of the stairs)
C'mon... just once... I won't tell... I promise!
I just wanted to act like I got a cute girl...
Cute!!

In Corneo's room, Aeris is sitting on the edge of his bed while he sits leering at her.

Don Corneo
Woo-hoo!
Come, come, don't be so shy...

Aeris
Ye...yes...
But Mr. Don. I'd like you to explain something to me first...

Don Corneo
Of course, my dear. I'll take you through it slowly, step by step. So come on!

Aeris
No, that's not what I meant!
NO, STOP! Just, just wait a second!!

Don Corneo
Come! Come!
Aooooooooh!! I can't wait any longer! Here comes papa!!

Cloud and Tifa run in.

Aeris
Cloud!!

Aeris jumps up as Corneo leaps for her, and he lands on his face.

Don Corneo
Wha... what the hell? Who goes there!?

Aeris
I'm sorry, Don.

Don Corneo
Get what?

[skip to the interrogation]

Corneo walks to Cloud.

Don Corneo
This healthy-looking girl!

Cloud
Wa, wait a sec! I mean, uh, please wait a moment!

Don Corneo
Woo-hoo!
I love chickies who play hard-to-get! Yeowza!

Corneo turns to his lackeys.

Don Corneo
You can have the other ones!

Kotch + Scotch
Yes, sir! Thank you sir!

Don Corneo
Well then, shall we go my pretty!?

After exchanging glances with Aeris and Tifa, Cloud reluctantly follows Corneo into his room.

Don Corneo
Ahh, we're finally alone...
All right, pussycat... Come to daddy!!

If Cloud tries to run away...

Don Corneo
Woo-hoo!
Don't be shy. We're all alone now...
You're so cute, I never get tired of looking at you.
Do you... like me, too?

Cloud
- Of course!
- Ummm......

Of course!

Don Corneo
You sure do know how to make a guy feel good!
Then, wh... what do you want to DO?

Cloud
- Whatever YOU want, daddy
- Don't really care......

Whatever YOU want, daddy

Don Corneo
Oh man! I can't stand it! All right, then......
Give me a kiss!! A KISS!!

Cloud
- All right......
- Nope, can't do that......

All right......

Cloud walks over and leans forward to kiss Corneo, not quite touching lips. He shakes his head and tries again.

Aeris or Tifa
Ju---st a minute!!

Don Corneo
Wha... what the hell? Who goes there!?

Tifa
Cloud...
Were you really......

Cloud shakes his head violently and takes off the dress.

Don Corneo
A man!? What's goin' on?

Nope, can't do that......

Corneo
Why? WHY? WHY?

Cloud
Because...
Because I'm gonna have to use that mouth of yours to give me some information!!

Cloud takes off the dress.

Don Corneo
A man!? You tricked me!!
Somebody get in here NOW!!

Tifa or Aeris
Unfortunately, no one'll be comin' to help.

Don Corneo
You're the ones from before! Wh... what the hell's going on?

Don't really care......

Don Corneo
You don't like me?
There... there isn't someone else, is there?

Cloud
- No, only you
- Yes, his name's Barret...

No, only you

Corneo
You sure do know how to make a guy feel good!
Then, wh... what do you want to DO?

Cloud
- Whatever YOU want, daddy
- Don't really care......

Yes, his name's Barret

Corneo
No way!
Hmm? Barret? That sounds familiar...

Cloud
You know, he's one of the ones you were trying to find out about. You know, AVALANCHE...?

Don Corneo
Oh, yeah, yeah. In Sector 7 in the slum...
...and how do YOU know that!?

Cloud takes off the dress.

Don Corneo
A man!? You tricked me!!
Somebody get in here NOW!!

Tifa or Aeris
Unfortunately, no one'll be comin' to help.

Don Corneo
You're the ones from before! Wh... what the hell's going on?

Ummm......

Don Corneo
You don't like me?
There... there isn't someone else, is there?

Cloud
- No, only you
- Yes, his name's Barret...

Tifa
Shut up, we're asking the questions now...
What did your assistants find out? Talk! If you don't tell us...

Cloud
...I'll chop them off.

Don Corneo
No! Not that! I'll talk! I'll tell you everything!

Tifa
So... talk.

Don Corneo
...I made 'em find out where the man with the gun-arm was. But that's what I was ordered to do.

Tifa
By who?

Don Corneo
No--! If I told you that, I'd be killed!

Tifa
Talk! If you don't tell us...

Aeris
...I'll rip them off.

Don Corneo
Waaaaaaaaaaaah--! It was Heidegger of Shinra!
Heidegger, the head of Public Safety Maintenance!

Cloud
The head of Public Safety Maintenance!?

Tifa
Did you say the Shinra!? What are they up to!? Talk!
If you don't tell us...
...I'll smash them.

Don Corneo
...You're serious, aren't you... ...ohboy, ohbooy, ohboy.
...I'm not fooling around here either, you know.
Shinra's trying to crush a small rebel group called AVALANCHE, and want to infiltrate their hideout.
And they're really going to crush them... literally,
By breaking the support holding up the plate above them.

Tifa
Break the support!?

Don Corneo
You know what's going to happen? The plate'll go PING
and everything's gonna go BAMMM!! I heard their hideout's in the Sector 7 Slums...
I'm just glad it's not here in Sector 6.

Tifa
They're going to wipe out the Sector 7 Slums!?
Cloud, will you come with me to Sector 7?

Cloud
Of course, Tifa.

They all start for the door.

Don Corneo
Just a second!

Cloud
Shut up!

Don Corneo
No wait, it'll only take a second.
How do you think scum like me feels when they babble on about the truth?

Cloud
- They've pretty much given up on life
- They're sure they'll win
- They don't know what the hell's going on

They've pretty much given up on life

Don Corneo
Buuzzzzz! Wrong!

They're sure they'll win

Don Corneo
Woo-hoo! Right!

They don't know what the hell's going on

Don Corneo
Close, but no cigar!

Corneo hits a switch and Cloud and the others fall through a trap door into the sewer.

At Shinra Headquarters, President Shinra, Heidegger, and Reeve are meeting in the President's 70th floor office.

President Shinra
How are the preparations going?

Heidegger
Ha, ha, ha!! Smoothly, very smoothly! I assigned the Turks to this.

Reeve
President!! Are we really going to do this? Simply destroy a group with only a few members...

President Shinra
What's the problem, Reeve? You want out?

Reeve
...No.
But, as head of the Urban Development Department, I have been involved in the building and running of Midgar. That's why...

Heidegger
Reeve, you should flush those personal problems in the morning!

Reeve
The Mayor's against this anyway...

Heidegger
Mayor?
He just sits in this building all day feeding his face! You still call that a Mayor?
Now if you'll excuse me sir!

Heidegger walks out. Reeve almost starts after him, but stays put.

President Shinra
You're tired. Why don't you take a couple of days off and go somewhere.

Reeve looks at him, and then walks off.

President Shinra
We'll destroy Sector 7 and report that AVALANCHE did it. Then we'll send in the rescue operation care of Shinra, Inc....
Heh, heh, heh... this is perfect.

Having fallen through Don Corneo's trap door, Cloud, Aeris, and Tifa land in the sewers beneath Sector 6. Cloud goes to each of his companions in turn.

Cloud
You alright?

Aeris
Yeah.

Cloud
You alright?

Tifa
Man! This is terrible.

Aeris
Well, the worst is over...

There is a low growling noise.

Aeris
Maybe not...

The Don's pet monster, Aps, attacks them, but they fight and defeat it.

Tifa
It's too late...... Marlene... Barret... the people of the Slums.

Aeris
Don't give up, never give up hope. It's not easy to destroy the pillar, right?

Tifa
.........Yeah...... you're right! We still have time.

They make their way through the sewers, climbing out to find themselves in Sector 7's Train Graveyard.

Cloud
Aeris. I got you mixed up in all of this...

Aeris
Don't tell me to go home.

Tifa
Let's see... If we can just get past the trains that are lit up, we should be able to get out of here.

Winding their way through the abandoned trains, they make it to the all-but-deserted train station.

Station man
I heard a rumor that the plate was going to fall, crushing this station, I've worked at so many years.
But I just can't bear to leave here.

They run on past the station to the gated base of the pillar. A small crowd is gathered by the fence, and gunfire sounds from the staircase adjacent to the pillar.

Tifa
We made it! The pillar's standing!

Cloud
Wait! You hear something...... above us?

Aeris
......gun fire?

They look up and see Barret up at the very top of the stairs. Wedge is with him, but he falls from the platform to land near Cloud and the others. Everyone runs over.

Cloud
Wedge!! You all right!?

Wedge
......Cloud...... You remembered...... my name.
Barret's up top. ...help him......
An' Cloud... Sorry, I wasn't any help.

Cloud shakes his head and stands.

Cloud
I'm going up!
Aeris! You look after Wedge.

Tifa
Aeris, do me a favor.
I have a bar called '7th Heaven' in this neighborhood.
There's a little girl named Marlene there......

Aeris
Don't worry. I'll put her somewhere safe.

Tifa turns to the crowd.

Tifa
It's dangerous here!
Everyone get away from the pillar, quickly!
Everyone get out of Sector 7!

Everyone disperses but no one leaves the area.

Aeris (crouching next to Wedge)
Don't worry. You let me handle this.

Soldier 2
L, look... This is my job, so I have to be here until the absolute last minute.

Redhead
Umm... I just LOVE men with a sense of duty. Let me stay here with you.

Shopkeeper
Uh oh...... There goes the pillar.
I'm scared, but it's for your own good.
If things get too hairy, we'll escape. It's not something you'll see happen too often.

Man by Fence
Uhh...... Help! My strange and wonderful little place.

Soldier 1
Doh! And this was supposed to be my last job! Do something!!
I never thought this would ever happen to me! Great... I'm quitting tomorrow!

If Cloud tries to leave the area...

Tifa
Cloud!! You've gotta go now, or Barret's...

Cloud and Tifa climb the staircase, running into Biggs and Jessie, both wounded, along the way.

Biggs
Cloud... so you don't care... what happens... to the... Planet?

Cloud
- Nope, not interested
- You're wounded......

Nope, not interested

Biggs
Hmph... you haven't changed. Oh, forget it.

You're wounded......

Biggs
Thanks, Cloud.
...don't worry 'bout me...... Barret's... fighting up there. Go help him...

Jessie
...Cloud... I'm glad...... I could talk with you... one last time.

Cloud
- Don't say 'last'......
- Is that so...

Don't say 'last'......

Jessie
That's... all right...
Because... of our actions... many...... people died...... this probably...... is our punishment...

Is that so...

Jessie
...Is... that so......?
Ha...... cool...... as usual... ex-...SOLDIER. ...always... I liked that... in you...

Cloud and Tifa reach the top of the pillar to join Barret.

Barret
Tifa! Cloud! You came!
Be careful! They're attacking from the helicopter.

Tifa
Better equip ourselves before they attack in full force!
Here they come!

The helicopter passes overhead, and Barret fires at it. Reno jumps down and runs over to the control panel.

Reno
You're too late. Once I push this button...

He pushes it.

That's all, folks! Mission accomplished.

Tifa
We have to disarm it! Cloud! Barret! Please!

Reno
I can't have you do that. No one gets in the way of Reno and the Turks...

They enter a battle with Reno, who casts his Pyramid spell on someone.

Reno
Try and break it if you can.

The fight continues until Reno checks his watch.

Reno
It's time.

Reno runs past Tifa and jumps from the platform. Tifa runs to the controls.

Barret
DAMN! It's a time bomb!

Tifa
Cloud! I don't know how to stop this. Try it!

Cloud
...It's not a normal time bomb.

The helicopter rises up from below with Tseng of the Turks on its side rig and Aeris behind him.

Tseng
That's right. You'll have a hard time disarming that one.
It'll blow the second some stupid jerk touches it.

Tifa
Please, stop it!

Tseng
Ha ha ha......
Only a Shinra Executive can set up or disarm the Emergency Plate Release System.

Barret
Shut yer hole!

He fires at Tseng, but the attack proves ineffective.

Tseng
I wouldn't try that...... You just might make me injure our special guest.

Aeris lifts her head.

Tifa
Aeris!!

Tseng
Oh, you know each other?
How nice you could see each other one last time. You should thank me.

Cloud
What are you gonna do with Aeris!?

Tseng
I haven't decided.
Our orders were to find and catch the last remaining Ancient.
It's taken us a long time, but now I can finally report this to the President.

Aeris (leaning forward)
Tifa, don't worry! She's all right!

Tseng turns and slaps Aeris, and she falls back.

Tifa
Aeris!

Aeris
Hurry and get out!

Tseng
Ha, ha, ha... Well, it should be starting right about now. Think you can escape in time?

The helicopter flies off just as the first explosions go off and the pillar starts to come apart.

Tifa
Once that Plate starts coming down it'll be too late. We gotta hurry!

They all spend a few moments frantically looking for an escape route, and then Barret jumps over to a cable attached to the platform.

Barret
Yo, we can use this wire to get out!

They all climb onto the cable and swing out as the plate comes crashing down behind them.

Cloud, Tifa, and Barret land in the Sector 6 playground, now littered with smoking debris from Sector 7. They stand and walk slowly to the gate that once led to Sector 7.

Barret
Marlene! MARLENE!
MAR---LE---NE!!
Biggs!
Wedge!!
Jessie!!
Goddamnit!
Damnit!
DAMN IT ALL TO HELL!!
What the hell's it all for!?
ARGGHHHH!!!

Cloud
Hey, Barret!

Tifa
Barret!

Barret
ARGGHHHH!!!

Cloud and Tifa run over to him.

Cloud
Hey!

Tifa
Barret, stop... Please stop, Barret.

Barret
URGHHHH!!!

He fires several rounds at the rubble, then falls to his knees.

God damn...

Some time passes... Having settled down some, Barret is seated near the slide, and Cloud and Tifa stand nearby.

Barret
Marlene...

Tifa
......... Barret......?
Marlene is... I think Marlene is safe.

Barret
......huh?

Tifa
Right before they took Aeris, she said, "Don't worry, she's all right." She was probably talking about Marlene.

Barret gets to his feet.

Barret
R, really!?

Tifa
But...

Barret
Biggs...... Wedge... Jessie......

Cloud
All three of them were in the pillar.

Barret
Think I don't know that?
But... we, all of us fought together.
I don't wanna think of them as dead!

Tifa
...and the other people in Sector 7.

Barret
This is all screwed up!
They destroyed an entire village just to get to us! They killed so many people...

Tifa
...are you saying it's our fault? Because AVALANCHE was here? Innocent people lost their lives because of us?

Barret
No, Tifa!
That ain't it! Hell no!!
It ain't us! It's the damn Shinra! It's never been nobody but the Shinra!
They're evil and destroyin' our planet just to...
build their power and line their own damn pockets with gold!
If we don't get rid of them, they're gonna kill this planet!
Our fight ain't never gonna be over until we get rid of them!!

Tifa
.........I don't know.

Barret
What don't you know!? You don't believe me?

Tifa
It's not that. I'm not sure about... me. My feelings.

Barret
An' what about you?

Cloud
.........

Cloud walks off towards Sector 5 without answering.

Barret
Yo!
Where's he think he's goin'?

Tifa
Oh! Aeris!

Barret
Oh yeah, that girl. What's up with her?

Tifa
...I don't really know... But she's the one I left Marlene with.

Barret
Damn! Marlene!!

Barret starts after Cloud, but stops when Tifa doesn't follow immediately.

Barret
Tifa. There ain't no turnin' back now.

He turns and runs after Cloud. Tifa follows with a glance back over her shoulder. Up ahead, Cloud is making his way through Sector 6.

Tifa
Cloud!

Cloud stops to let Tifa and Barret catch up.

Barret
Take me to Marlene!

Tifa
You're going to help Aeris?

Cloud
Yeah... But before that, there's something I want to know.

Tifa
What's that?

Cloud
...it's about the Ancients.

The screen goes black momentarily.

In my veins courses the blood of the Ancients. I am one of the rightful heirs to this planet!

Cloud
Sephiroth...?

He falls to one knee.

Tifa
Are you all right?

Barret
Pull it together, man!

Cloud and the others arrive in Sector 5.

Person Outside the Pipe
Even with all that commotion, you went on like nothing happened. You must really been through the mill to get that.

Inside the Materia Shop...

Materia Shopkeeper
Living in a place like this, you could live out several lives, and it still wouldn't be enough!
Well, how about some materia? Make some money and then scramble out of here!

Woman Walking Around
Never thought that would come tumbling down. Maybe I better walk around looking up from now on.

Inside the nearby house...

Man
The hell's up with that!? I don't care if they're AVALANCHE or Avant-garde or whatever you call them. Anyone who brings the plates down on us is nuts!!

This just in. An accident today...
...the worst in the history of the metropolis. But thanks to the quick response by those in charge, there were no civilian casualties.
The cause of the accident is unclear at this time, however, according to some sources it is believed to have something to do with the terrorist activities of the group, AVALANCHE.

Upstairs, if Cloud took the kid's 5 gil earlier...

Kid
sniff......... sniff......... ......'n' I hid it...... so nuthin' like this...... would ever happen......... sniff......

Back outside...

Kid from the Weapons Shop
...sniff... sniff...
First there was a rumbling...... ...then cracking... and then ker-blaMM!!...
...I was so scared... sniff...

Person in Blue
You finally think you're making a living in the pits of Midgar, and then a big piece of scrap like that falls down here... what's next?

Man in Straw Hat
Yeah, that's right! But, even so, where could we move to now...?

Inside the Weapons Shop...

Man
...sure is loud outside. Wonder what's happening?

Weapons Shopkeeper
You never know what's going to happen! It's a crazy world,
so you'd better at least have a weapon you can depend on! Am I right or what?

They continue onward to Aeris's house, where Elmyra is there to receive them.

Elmyra
Cloud...... wasn't it?
It's about Aeris, isn't it?

Cloud
...Sorry. The Shinra have her.

Elmyra
I know. They took her from here.

Cloud
They were here?

Elmyra
That's what Aeris wanted...

Cloud
Why is Shinra after Aeris?

Elmyra
Aeris is an Ancient. The sole survivor.

Barret
...What did you say? But, aren't you her mother?

Elmyra
...Not her real mother. Oh... it must have been 15 years ago...
...during the war. My husband was sent to the front. Some far away place called Wutai.

One day, I went to the station because I got a letter saying he was coming home on leave.

In the flashback, Elmyra is waiting at the Sector 7 train station. A pair who look very much like Biggs and Jessie is hanging around at the lamp post like a couple. A man gets off the train and picks up his girlfriend. Another man gets off, and his wife picks him up. No one else gets off. Elmyra runs up to the station man who shakes his head.

My husband never came back.
I wonder if something happened to him?
No, I'm sure his leave was just canceled.
I went to the station everyday.
Then, one day.........

Aeris's mother Ifalna is lying at the bottom of the steps, and a seven-year-old Aeris stands nearby crying. Elmyra runs over.

You used to see this sort of thing a lot during the war.
Her last words were, "Please take Aeris somewhere safe."
My husband never came back. I had no child. I was probably lonely. So I decided to take her home with me.
Aeris and I became close very quickly. That child loved to talk. She used to talk to me about everything.
She told me she escaped from some kind of research laboratory somewhere. And that her mother had already returned to the planet, so she wasn't lonely... and many other things.

Barret
Returned to the planet?

Elmyra
I didn't know what she meant. I asked if she meant a star in the sky,
But she said it was this planet... She was a mysterious child in many ways.

Aeris
Mom.
Please don't cry.

Elmyra
Aeris just blurted that out all of a sudden. When I asked her if something happened...

Aeris
Someone dear to you has just died.
His spirit was coming to see you, but he already returned to the planet.

Elmyra
At that time I didn't believe her.
But...
Several days later... We received a notice saying my husband died...
...and that's how it was.
A lot had happened, but we were happy. Until one day...

Tseng of the Turks has come to the house. A young Aeris is hiding behind Elmyra.

Tseng
We want you to return Aeris to us. We've been searching for her for a long time.

Aeris
No! Never!

Tseng
Aeris, you're a very special child. You are of special blood.
Your real mother was an 'Ancient'.

Elmyra
Of course I heard it. That she was an Ancient.

Tseng
The Ancients will lead us to a land of supreme happiness.
Aeris will be able to bring happiness to all those in the slums.
That is why the Shinra would like Aeris's cooperation......

Aeris
He's wrong! I'm not an Ancient! I'm not!

Tseng
But Aeris, surely you hear voices sometimes when you're all alone?

Aeris
No, I don't!

Elmyra
But I knew. I knew about her mysterious powers...
She tried so hard to hide it, so I acted as though I never noticed.

Cloud
It's amazing how she's avoided the Shinra for all these years...

Elmyra
The Shinra needed her, So I guess they wouldn't harm her.

Tifa
But why now......

Elmyra
She brought a little girl here with her.
On the way here, Tseng found them. She probably couldn't get away fast enough.
She decided to go to the Shinra in exchange for the little girl's safety.

Cloud
Must be Marlene.

Barret
Marlene!! Aeris was caught because of Marlene!?
I'm sorry. Marlene's my daughter. I'm... really... sorry...

Elmyra
You're her father!? How in the world could you ever leave a child alone like that!?

Barret
...please don't start with that. I think about it all the time. What would happen to Marlene, if I...
But you gotta understand somethin'... ...I don't got an answer. I wanna be with Marlene... But I gotta fight.
'Cause if I don't... the planet's gonna die.
So I'm gonna keep fightin'!
But, I'm worried 'bout Marlene. I really just wanna be with her... always.
See? I'm goin' in circles, now.

Elmyra
...I think I understand what you're saying... She's upstairs asleep, Why don't you go and see her.

Barret goes upstairs.

Tifa
It's my fault... I was the one who got Aeris involved in this.

Elmyra
Don't say that. Aeris doesn't think that.

Tifa
I feel so depressed.

Elmyra
...sigh...

Upstairs, Barret is hugging Marlene to him.

Barret
I'm so glad...... I'm so glad you're all right...

Marlene
Daddy, don't cry. Your whiskers hurt!

Cloud moves to leave without saying anything, but Barret notices him.

Barret
Cloud!
You gonna go help Aeris, right? She's done so much for me...
If it's the Shinra you're dealin' with, I can't just sit here! I'm comin', too!

Marlene
Guess what? Guess what? Aeris was asking me lots of questions.
Like what kind of person Cloud is. I bet she likes you, Cloud!

Cloud
- I don't know
- Let's hope so

I don't know

Marlene
Stupid!

Let's hope so

Marlene
I won't tell Tifa!

Cloud goes back downstairs and heads for the door.

Tifa
You're going after Aeris, right?

Cloud
Yeah.

Tifa
I'm coming with you.

Cloud
We're going right into Shinra Headquarters. ...You gotta be prepared for the worst.

Tifa
I know.
Right now, I feel I have to push myself to the limit.
If I stayed here... I'll go crazy.

Barret comes thundering down.

Barret
Sorry, but can you take care of Marlene a bit longer?

Elmyra
Yes, I don't mind.

Barret
This place is dangerous now. You better go somewhere else.

Elmyra
...You're right. But promise me that you'll come back to her. Don't get yourself killed.

Barret turns to Cloud and Tifa. They all nod and run outside.

Tifa
How do we get to the Shinra Building?

Barret
There ain't no train that goes up there anymore...

Tifa
......
Well, let's just go to Wall Market. We might be able to find something there.

Back inside the house...

Elmyra
I mean it, come back to her. Don't get yourself killed.

Cloud and the others head for Wall Market to search the area for something useful. At the Honey Bee Inn...

Punk
Hey!! It's you!!
Sorry, but I already heard about you.
In addition to dressing like a woman, it seems you like to smash and grind things.
We only let cultured customers in! Got it? Then you'd better leave!

Kid by Cat Statue
It came down from the sky.
But the old guy who likes tanks took all of it away. I wanted some too.

Punk
I never believed that Sector 7 would ever come down.

Man Outside Restaurant
According to that guy with the tank, if you're strong enough, anyone can make it to the top plate.
So, build your strength by having a plate of our food.

Man Outside Dress Shop
That was scary...

Inside the Clothing Shop...

Clothing Shop Owner
You're dressed normal today. If something else interesting comes up, let me in on it.

Man Cooking Outside
Phew, it's all dusty ever since the sky came down. I'll have to start over.

Man 1
Is this pile of trash getting bigger?

Man 2
Yes, I think so.
A lot of things came falling down when the Sector 7 pillar fell.

Man 1
Right, right, you're right. The owner of the Weapons Shop scavenged all the stuff that came falling down.

Man 2
Oh is that why? He seems pretty suspicious these days.

Man 1
Oh, you mean he went out to the Plate cross section next to the Don's Mansion, right?

Man 2
Oh, you know! I wonder what he's doing?

Man 1
Yeah! It gives me the chills.

Inside the gym...

Man Using Punching Bag
More strength.
I bet you could climb all the way up to the upper plate if you used that pipe.
Don't you know? The old man at the Weapon shop can tell you more about it.

In the bar...

Redhead
Scary, isn't it? You just never know when the plate might come crashing down.

Redhead 2
Yeah. I'd like to climb up to the plate if I could.

In the Weapons Shop...

Weapons Shop Owner
You goin' up to the plate? You better have a Battery.

Cloud
You're gonna sell me something you just found?

Weapons Shop Owner
Hey, you knew? But I repaired it, so it's all right.

Cloud
Why do I need a battery to climb up to the plate?

Weapons Shop Owner
You'll find out when you get there. How 'bout 100 Gil for each?

Cloud
......
- All right, I'll take them
- I think you're full of it

All right, I'll take them

Received "Batteries"!

I think you're full of it

Weapons Shop Owner
All right then, go see for yourself. You'll be back again.

Kid
Wanna see somethin' awesome? Follow me!

A trio of kids runs into the alley beyond Corneo's mansion. Corneo's mansion is empty, except for Kotch strapped to a table in the basement.

Kotch
Hey! You're... not them... you're...
Please, help me!

Cloud
- Help him
- Leave him

Help him

Kotch
Thanks!
You know what? After you left, some Shinra guys forced themselves in here saying things like 'information leaked' and 'good for nothing'.
They took Don somewhere and that's it...... I'm still here.
Oops! They're here again... I'm outta here! SEE ya

He runs off.

Leave him

Kotch
I... I was just following the Don's orders! Help me!

Into the alley beyond the mansion...

Girl
Everyone climbed up this wire. Looks scary...... Brrr.

Tifa
Can we climb it?

Girl
Yeah. It leads to the Upper World.

Barret
Awright! We'll climb this wire!

Cloud
There's no way we can do this. You know how far it goes up?

Barret
There IS a way! Look! What's that look like?

Cloud
Just a normal wire.

Barret
Oh yeah? Well to me it looks like a golden shiny wire of hope.

They all look up.

Tifa
You're right. This is the only way to save Aeris...

Cloud
Ok, that was a bad analogy, but, Barret, I understand how you feel.
Let's go!

Cloud and the others start up the wire. At the top of the wall, the other two kids are looking at the rubble of Sector 7.

Kid 2
Oh man! This is horrible...

Kid
Hey, scary, huh? Dad told me that it's the Shinra's doing.

Cloud climbs past them to where the wire ends and there is a tangle of piping and train tracks.

Cloud
Maybe if I put a battery in...
The propeller might work.
I guess I'll just have to believe the shopkeeper.

Cloud puts a battery in and the propeller spins, ending in a different position and opening up a path. He continues on up.

Need a battery here, too.
Looks like the only way is to jump onto that bar.
Should make it if I jump before it comes too close. (use OK button to jump)

If he misses it he'll say either "Jumped too soon..." or "Jumped too late..."

Making their way through the tangle of debris left by Sector 7's destruction, Cloud and the others eventually reach the upper plate…

Cloud, Tifa, and Barret stand before Shinra Headquarters.

Barret
Hey, you oughta know this building well.

Cloud
...Not really, now that I think about it,
This's the first time I've ever been to the Headquarters.

Barret
I heard about this place before.
Every floor above the 60th is special and not easy to get to even for employees.
Must be where they took Aeris.
The security's pretty light now. Awright, let's go!!

Tifa
Wait a second! You're not thinking of just going right through the main entrance, are you?

Barret
Well what else does it look like!? I'm gonna kick some Shinra butt and......

Tifa
That's not going to work! We've got to find another way...

Barret
Ain't gonna be no other way! If we keep wastin' time like this, Aeris'll...

Tifa
I know that! But if we get caught here...
Hey, Cloud. ...What should we do?

Cloud
- Let's bust on in!
- Let's sneak in quietly

Let's bust on in!

Barret
That's more like it! C'mon, let's go!!

They run inside.

Receptionist
Excuse me! If you don't have an appointment, you'll just have to...

Barret
Don't need no appointment... This is a 'mergency!
Anyone who don't wanna get their face bashed in better git outta the way!!

He aims his gun-arm at the receptionist.

Receptionist
Yaagghh!

Soldiers
Who do they think they are?
Y, You don't think that's AVALANCHE?
Intruders! Seize them!!

Everyone else flees as the soldiers run to fight Cloud and the others, who defeat them with ease.

Barret
Let's go to the top!

They run up a staircase to the second floor. There is a bulletin board there with flyers.

Bulletin
Shinra, Inc. This week's phrase
Shinra's Future Is The World's Future!!
Mako Energy For A Brighter World!!

Flyer
Turtle's Paradise Newsletter No. 2
The end of another hard day. Wouldn't you like to sit back with a tall cool one?
You can at the Turtles Paradise!! Stop in today!
There's nothing like a smooth one after work!

There's a shop nearby, and a couple is looking at a car advertisement on a television screen.

Woman
Honey...... Buy me that car!

Man
But baby, that's way too expensive.

Woman
What did you say?

They notice Cloud and the others.

Man + Woman
.........

They flee.

Hh, hey!
Ww, wait for meeeeeeee............!

Shopkeeper
Welcome. Today we have on special...
Eagghhh!!
Here, t, take the money...

Barret
Don't want no money. AVALANCHE ain't no packa criminals.
We jes want back what your boss stole from us.

Shopkeeper
A, AVALANCHE?

Barret
Now we ain't gonna hurt you. Might even pay ya, if ya help us.

Shopkeeper
Ok... ok... well...
Thank you and come again... Forget I said that...

If they try to open the treasure chests...

Shopkeeper
You opened up all those things without asking and, hey wait!

Cloud and the others leave and get on an elevator.

Tifa
......What's wrong?

Cloud
I didn't want to start a ruckus till we saved Aeris.
I should have known that was impossible though...

Barret
Heh, heh, heh.

Cloud
What is it? You're givin' me the willies.

Barret
So there are times when even you fight for other people. I am impressed.

Cloud
Who cares if you're impressed...?

Barret
Y'know, I ain't so good at sayin' this, but... Sorry... for lotsa things.

A red light starts flashing and alarms go off.

Barret
Wh, what the!?

Tifa
Look!

The numbers on the elevator are all scrambling.

Barret
DA-MN...!
I don't care where, Cloud! Just stop it!

Tifa
What's going on!?

The elevator stops four times before finally reaching the 59th floor. On some of the floors, instead of fighting Shinra soldiers, a Shinra employee may attempt to get on the elevator.

Shinra Employee
Oh man!!
No, uh, that's all right. My mistake. I'm, uh, not getting on.
Oh man!!

[on to the 59th floor]

Let's sneak in quietly

Tifa
See? Let's be careful and find a different route!

They enter through a side entrance and start climbing the stairs.

Barret
Yo! You really gonna take these stairs all the way up?

Tifa
Well, we've got to get to Aeris to help her somehow.

Barret
Talk about out of the way...

Tifa
I don't have time to argue with you. I'm going!

Barret
Y, yo, Tifa! Don't go off by yourself...

Barret and Cloud follow Tifa up the stairs.

Barret
Don't know... Why... the hell... We gotta... climb...

Cloud
...Because we don't want to start a commotion until we've saved Aeris.
I doubt that's possible though...

Barret
...heh heh heh.

Cloud
Knock it off. You're giving me the creeps.

Barret
So even you will fight for someone else. I had you figured wrong I guess.

Cloud
Who cares what you figured!

Barret
I'm just sayin' mebbe I was wrong...

Tifa
heh heh heh......

Cloud
What's that supposed to mean, Tifa?

Barret
...how much farther do these stairs go on?

Tifa
Why don't you ask them?

Barret
It's not one of them endless stairways or somethin', d'ya think?

Tifa
Of course not!!

Barret
Right... couldn't be that...
Are we there yet?

Tifa
Not yet.

Barret
...there yet?

Tifa
I said not yet!

Barret
Yo...

Tifa
Look, don't even ask! We're way way way way far away from being there yet, ok!?

Finally Barret stops, panting.

Barret
Damn, man! I've had it! I'm going back!

Tifa
And take just as long going down as you did coming up?

Barret
............

Tifa
C'mon, Barret. Pull it together!

Barret
Yeah, well all I know is I'm just flesh 'n' blood... 'cept for this arm of mine.
Don't treat me like I'm some ex-member of SOLDIER or somethin'......

Tifa
What about me!? I'm human too! Oh, do what you want, I'm going on!

She turns to continue up the stairs, then stops.

......?

She pulls her skirt down.

Yaah! Barret! You go first!

Barret
What're ya ignorant? I didn't mean that...

Tifa
All right, all right!
Cloud, you go on ahead too!!

They continue on...

Barret
Yo... What floor is this?

Tifa
...I gave up counting.

Barret
Why they gotta build these buildings so damn tall?
That Shinra... They're just no damn good.

Tifa
.........

Barret
huff... Man, I'm beat...
Marlene, Daddy wanted to see your face one more time...

Tifa
Would you stop acting like a retard and climb!?
It's just a bit more!
...maybe.

They finally reach the top and stop, panting.

Barret
F...finally... M... made it...
N... never wanna see... no more stairs the rest of my life...

Tifa
huff... puff... this really takes it out of you...
But this is it. We'd better get ready...!

They all walk through the exit to the 59th floor.

If Cloud tries to go back down...

Barret
Hey Cloud!
You come all this way, you thinkin' of goin' back down to the 1st floor?

Cloud
- Yeah
- No......

Yeah

Barret
This ain't no time for fooling around!

No......

Barret
Yeah, that's right! Let's go on then!

Some soldiers are standing by the next set of elevators.

Soldiers
Destroy the intruders!

Cloud and the others fight off the soldiers, one of whom drops something.

Cloud
What's this?

Received Key Item "Keycard 60"!

They take the elevator up to the 60th floor.

Tifa
I hope Aeris is all right.

Barret
This is the real thing. Don't let your guard down.

The Shinra employee meant to be watching the cameras is asleep on duty, so he doesn't see Cloud as he steps out of the elevator onto the 60th floor. There are a collection of bust statues here with guards on patrol.

Guard
What're you doing here!? No unauthorized people are allowed here!!

Guard 2
People like you don't belong here! Go on, get out!

Barret
Lookit that, all them guards is runnin' around.
Cloud, you go on ahead and signal us when it's safe to come.
When those guards turn around, MOVE!

Tifa
Stay in the shadows!

If Cloud messes up...

Guard
Hey there! What do you think you're doing there!?

Cloud and the others fight off the guards.

Barret
What the hell're ya doin'? Come on gotta do it again!

If Cloud messes up four times they end up taking out all the guards.

Barret
I shoulda known it'd turn out like this...
If I'd known it'd be like this in the first place...

Tifa
Shhh! Now let's move on.

If they make it past the guards successfully...

Barret
Ok! We gonna rock!

Tifa
Remember, we're here to save Aeris.

Barret
Hell, I know that!

They continue on to the 61st floor, the door to which is stuck open so they can get through without a keycard. It is a lounge area with a huge tree in the center and a number of employees milling around.

Woman
I don't remember seeing your face before... You new here?
Say, you're cute. Let me teach you some... things.

Cloud
- Things?
- Um, I'm kinda in a hurry...

Things?

Woman
Wipe that stupid look off your face. I was only going to teach you how to get to the next floor.
The higher ups in the company use the floors above the 60th floor. But you can't get there without a keycard.
Get a keycard and you can use the elevators freely.

Ding.

...voila! You hear that sound and the door opens.
Just remember there are different types of cards. One keycard alone won't let you go everywhere.
For example,
'Keycard 60' only takes you to the 60th floor. 'Keycard 65' only takes you to the 65th floor.
It's a security system worthy of Shinra. After all, all the power in Midgar and the world, for that matter, is controlled by them.
Oh, I have to go. Gotta get back to work!

Um, I'm kinda in a hurry...

Woman
Oh? That's too bad...

Man
This is the lounge floor. Above us are the special floors for the big wigs in the company.
It's tough working under someone. Tires you out.

Man 2
What's keeping her? Did she forget her keycard?
Even employees can't walk around above the 60th floor without a keycard.

Man 3
The hell are you? What're you doin' around here?

Cloud
- Where's Aeris?
- ......

Where's Aeris?

Man 3
Aeris? How did you know that name? You must be...!?
Aeris, you mean that kid. The receptionist. Yeah, I was startin' to worry 'bout her myself.
And so another rival appears on the scene, eh?
You mean, she's not? It's someone else?

......

Man 3
Oh, I see. So you must be that whatcha call it...
Shinra, Inc. Repair Division!!
You know, it looks like this building is starting to fall apart.
This door was just pushed open. You ought to fix this right away.
Oh yeah, and take a look on the other floors too. I'll give you this.

Received Key Item "Keycard 62"!

Man 3
This door is stuck wide open. Better fix this right away.

Woman Sitting Down
I thought I heard a ruckus downstairs a minute ago. Do you know what that was all about?

Man Sitting Down
No idea. But no need to worry because everything above the 60th floor is safe.

Having obtained the next keycard, they continue on to the 62nd floor, which houses several different libraries. They find a man waiting outside someone's office.

Hart
How do you do?
This is the Midgar Mayor's Office. Mayor Domino is in his office.
I am the Deputy Mayor. If you should have any questions feel free to ask me...

Domino
Hmm? Oh, and who might you be?
You all must be those... ahem... Me? I'm Domino, the Mayor of Midgar.
Actually, I'm Mayor in name only. The city and everything in it is really run by Shinra, Inc.
My only real job is watching over Shinra's documents...
Me! The Mayor! A librarian! Ohh......
You want to get upstairs? I tell you what, if you can guess the password, I'll give you my keycard.
Yes, that's it. Guess the password and I'll give you my keycard!
Get it on the first try and I'll even throw in a special item!

Hart
Did you speak with the Mayor?
What? A password? Oh, I get it...
He's got way too much time on his hands. But you can't really blame him, Everything in Midgar is controlled by President Shinra.
Maybe I can help you.
What do you want to know?

Cloud
- HELP
- Forget it

HELP

Hart
Sure, sure. All right.
As a public servant, it's my job to serve the needs of the people.
So here's a hint...
...for 500 gil.

Cloud
- Give him the money
- Forget it!

Hart
Oh, my... well, Thank you very much.
Now listen. On this floor are four research libraries for four different sections of Shinra, Inc. ...
Parts of the password are hidden in each of the libraries.
Pay careful attention to the files in each room.
The name of each library is written on the plaque outside the door.
What can I do for you?

Cloud
- Give me the hint again
- Give me the next hint
- Uh, nothing

Hart
Sure, sure. All right.
As a public servant, it's my job to serve the needs of the people. So here's a hint...
...for 1000 gil.

Cloud
- Give him the money
- Forget it!

Hart
Oh, my... well, Thank you very much.
Now, in each library will be one file mixed in from another library.
Look carefully at the numbers on each file.
What can I do for you?

Cloud
- Give me the hint again
- Give me the next hint
- Uh, nothing

Hart
Sure, sure. All right.
As a public servant, it's my job to serve the needs of the people.
So here's a hint...
...for 2000 gil.

Cloud
- Give him the money
- Forget it!

Hart
Oh, my... well, Thank you very much.
There is a number at the beginning of each file name.
Of course there's a number even on the files that don't belong in that library.
Match the number with the letters in the title of the file.
If the file starts with a 4, then check the fourth letter and... well, you get the idea.

Forget it

Hart
...I see. Then, I guess that's that.
Good luck finding it on your own.
If you still can't find it. I'll just be right over here. Ready to tell you anytime...

The placement of the books and the numbers vary each time, but below are the titles in their correct libraries without numbers. In each library there is also a television screen displaying a notice.

[Shinra, Inc. Urban Dev. Research Library]
Reactor construction chart
Problems with Plate construction in Midgar
New plans for Urban Planning
Midgar City map: Sectors 0-4
Midgar City map: Sectors 5-8
An illustrated guide to City Planning

Materials are non-circulating!
It is forbidden to remove any materials from this floor.

[Shinra, Inc. Scientific Research Library]
Biological characteristics of the Ancients
Data on experimental animals living near Midgar
The Jenova Project
The Ancients in History
File on Dr. Gast, Biologist
Final evolutionary stages in land dwelling life

This is the Scientific Research Library.
Materials for the...
Urban Dev. Library
Peace/Weapon Dev. Library
Space Dev. Library
are held in their respective libraries...

[Shinra, Inc. Space Dev. Research Library]
Diminishing Mako energy and Planet movements
Modern history of Midgar space program vol. 1
Modern history of Midgar space program vol. 2
Results of failed space mission "YA-79"
Economic report: Space Dev Program
Shinra rocket space travel

This is the Space Dev Research Library.
Click on the plate in front of each library to see what it is.

[Shinra, Inc. Peace Preservation/Weapon Dev. Research Library]
Special peace keeping law
Materia production and its military uses
Ranks and extended use of Mako weaponry
Heidegger's Shinra peace keeping law
Plan for new land weapons
Economic report: anti-Shinra activities

This is the Public Order/Weapon Development Library.
Return materials where you found them. Do not mix materials from other libraries.

After obtaining the password, Cloud returns to Domino's office.

Domino
Got it?
Then tell me.
So, what's the password?

Cloud
- BEST
- KING
- ORBS
- BOMB
- MAKO
- HOJO
- Wait a second

If Cloud guesses it right the first time, Domino will say any of the following depending on the password. (ORBS and HOJO are never the password.)

Domino
BEST!!
God, I love the sound of that! BEST!! I AM the best... ME!! No matter what anyone else says, you'd better believe it.

KING!!
God, I love the sound of that! KING!! President Shinra sucks! I should be King of Midgar!

BOMB!!
God, I love the sound of that! BOMB!! I'm so angry, I'm like a walking time bomb waiting to explode!

MAKO!!
God, I love the sound of that! MAKO! If I had a lot more of it, I would be a real Mayor!

Domino
......hmm. Well, ok. Here, take it.

Received "Keycard 65"!

Domino
I never thought you'd get it on the first try...
Just goes to show you can't judge a book by its cover. Oh well, a promise is a promise. Take this, too.

Received "Elemental" Materia!

If Cloud guesses wrong...

Domino
Nope! You're ALL wrong! It's a much better word than that! Try again!

If Cloud guesses right the second time, Domino goes through one of his WORD!! exclamations, hands over the keycard, and then...

Domino
......hmm. Well, ok. Here, take it.
Hmm. It appears you're not completely stupid.
Fine then, take this.

Received "Elixir"!

If Cloud guesses wrong the second time, too, Domino doesn't give him anything extra whenever he finally gets it right.

Domino
Why would I do something like this, you ask?
To mess with them, of course! Shinra's been torturing me forever.
That's why I was a little rough on you all just now. Now go up there and really make them suffer.
This ought to make us even! Heh heh heh......
But my card will only get you to the 65th floor.
Can you believe how they treat me? ...ME! Like some common employee...

Hart
If you run into President Shinra please don't tell him about this.
I can't be a partner to anymore trouble for Shinra.

Having obtained Domino's keycard, Cloud and the others continue on to the 63rd floor, which is a maze of small storage rooms with locked doors. Near the escalators is a room with a computer.

Computer
...bing... bing... Enter command

Cloud
- All clear
- Coupon Change

All clear

Computer
......bing... bing... Start again from the beginning?
The information and materials you received on this floor will all be cleared.
Clear them?

Cloud
- Yeah......
- No

Computer
...... ......... ......... Cleared.
You are permitted to open any door on this floor up to three times.

Coupon Change

Computer
...beep......beep...... You do not have any coupons.

There is an air duct next to the computer.

Cloud
An air-duct... It doesn't look like I'll be able to climb in here.

The ducts can, however, be reached from some of the other rooms. By using the air ducts and the three doors, Cloud can manage to get all three coupons and return to the computer.

Computer
...bing... bing... Enter command

Cloud
- All clear
- Coupon Change

All clear

Computer
......bing... bing... Start again from the beginning?
The information and materials you received on this floor will all be cleared.
Clear them?

Cloud
- Yeah......
- No

Computer
...... ......... ......... Cleared.
You are permitted to open any door on this floor up to three times.

Coupon Change

Computer
You can exchange your coupons for items. Here are the items you can have...
A coupon.........'Star Pendant'
B coupon.........'Four Slots'
C coupon.........'All' Materia
Please use caution... once you have exchanged coupons for items you may not use 'All Clear' function.
Exchange coupon?

Cloud
- Yeah......
- Naw

Computer
...... ......... ...... Coupon exchange complete.

Received "Star Pendant"!

Received "Four Slot"!

Received "All Materia"!

Cloud and the others move on to the 64th floor. Here, they find an exercise room, a nap room, and a locker room.

Receptionist
You must be a visitor. Please feel free to use any unused machines.

Woman on Treadmill
...huff... puff... If you're tired, you should get some rest in the next room.

Man on Treadmill
...huff... weeze... I'm starting to worry about my belly......

Man Lifting Weights
Hmph, hmph... Since I'm head of security for this building, stamina's very important to me.

Vending Machine
Take one to restore your energy!! 'Shinra Gym Special Drink'
Only 250 gil!!
- Try it out
- Don't try it

Try it out

Cloud
...Nothing...

Don't try it

Nothing happens.

Man in Nap Room
...zzz... Please...... let me...... get some... rest......

Sign in Bathroom
Out of Order
Please use a different Floor
Shinra Company Repair Management Department

In the locker room, some of the lockers are unlocked.

Cloud
What is this...... a Megaphone?
Hanging on to this won't do any good...

They move on to the 65th floor, where there is a model of Midgar in a central room, and treasure chests placed around in side rooms.

Cloud
A model of Midgar... born from Mako sucked right out of the earth.
Parts of the model are missing...
- Place the Midgar parts
- Leave it alone

Cloud
...Sounds like something opened up...

Placing all the parts in the model opens up the treasure chest with Keycard 66 in it.

Cloud and the others move on to the 66th floor, which is dominated by a large conference room. Several offices and a bathroom take up the remaining space.

Secretary
Whew, I'm so sick of carrying all these files...
But I get to meet lots of guys. I guess that's the benefit of being a secretary!

If Cloud speaks to her after she enters one of the offices...

Secretary
Hello!! (He's kinda cute. But looks like that girl's with him... But that's kinda exciting!)

Man
Is it just me or does the Conference Room smell? There's some sort of stench coming from somewhere...

Man 2
........................
........................
........................
........................
........................
........................
Phew!

Man 3
Hey, when you're in the bathroom, do you ever hear whispers coming from somewhere?

Man 4
They're having another executive meeting. I wonder if it's about that Plate incident.

Man 5
It gives me the feeling that I AM alive. The feeling of moving this world, just with my hands.

Woman
Come on, we're building the future of Mako!

Cloud enters a stall in the bathroom. Above it is a vent.

Cloud
- Flush?
- Climb up?
- Get out of here

Cloud climbs up and enters the duct system, the others following. He, Barret, and Tifa peer down through the next vent at the conference room below, where Shinra's executives are having a meeting.

Barret
Geez--! That's a lotta suits!

Reeve
We have the damage estimates for Sector 7.
Considering those factories we already set up and all the investments, the damage is estimated at approximately 10 Billion gil...
The estimated cost to rebuild Sector 7 is...

President Shinra
We're not rebuilding.

Reeve
What?

President Shinra
We're leaving Sector 7 as it is.
And restarting the Neo-Midgar plan.

Reeve
...then the Ancients?

President Shinra
The Promised Land will soon be ours.
I want you to raise the Mako rates 15% in every area.

Palmer
Rate hike! Rate hike! Tra, la, la! And please include our Space Program in the budget!

President Shinra
Reeve and Scarlet will divide the extra income from the rate increase.

Palmer
Oh man!

Reeve
Sir. If you raise the rates, the people will lose confidence...

President Shinra
It'll be all right.
The ignorant citizens won't lose confidence, they'll trust Shinra, Inc. even more.

Heidegger
Ha ha ha!
After all, we're the ones who saved Sector 7 from AVALANCHE!

Barret
That dirty #$*$^

President Shinra
Hojo. How's the girl?

Hojo
As a specimen, she is inferior to her mother. I'm still in the process of comparing her to her mother, Ifalna, but for now the difference is 18%.

President Shinra
How long will the research take?

Hojo
Probably 120 years. It's probably impossible to finish in our lifetime. Or in the lifetime of the specimen too, for that matter.
That's why we're thinking of breeding her. Then we could create one that could withstand our research for a long time.

President Shinra
What about the Promised Land? Won't it hinder our plans?

Hojo
That's why I need to plan. The mother is strong... and yet has her weaknesses.

He starts giggling.

President Shinra
That concludes our meeting.

They all get up and head for the door. Scarlet pauses to look up.

Scarlet
Something stinks...

She, too, walks out.

Cloud
They were talking about Aeris... right?

Barret
I dunno.

Tifa
Probably.

Cloud
Let's follow 'em.

They climb back out of the ventilation shaft and into the bathroom. Hojo has fallen behind the others in leaving the conference room, and they follow him at a distance. They stop to wait for him to reach the top of the escalator before entering the stairwell after him.

Cloud
Hojo... huh...?

They follow Hojo up before the door can lock after him, thereby reaching the 67th floor. Here sprawls the lower floor of Hojo's laboratory. The three pause by the escalator.

Barret
I remember him.
That Hojo guy. He's in charge of the Shinra's Science Department. Cloud, don't you know him?

Cloud
This is the first time I've actually ever seen him. So... that's what he looks like...

They continue on.

Man
Let's see... The specimen Hojo asked me for is...

Cloud and the others head down the hall and enter the lab, in the center of which is a glass chamber holding a lion-like creature. Someone is coming, so they hide behind some crates.

Man
Is this today's specimen?

Hojo
Yes. We're starting right away. Raise it to the upper level.

The man walks away, and Hojo leans forward to touch the glass.

Hojo
My precious specimen...

He turns and leaves. Tifa walks up to the glass.

Tifa
Precious specimen...?
Is it going to be used for a biological experiment?

Cloud suddenly takes notice of a chamber to his right, and looks through the window.

Cloud
Jenova...

He clutches his head in pain and collapses. Tifa runs over as he gets up.

Cloud
Jenova... Sephiroth's... So... they've brought it here.

Tifa
Cloud, be strong!

Cloud
Did you see it?

Barret
See what?

Cloud
It's moving...... still alive?

Barret looks inside.

Barret
Where's its $#&*&@ head? This whole thing's stupid. Let's keep goin'.

They go upstairs to find Hojo standing before a corresponding glass chamber directly above the other, inside of which is Aeris.

Cloud
Aeris!

Hojo
Aeris? Oh, is that her name? What do you want?

Cloud
We're taking Aeris back.

Hojo
Outsiders......

Barret
Shoulda noticed it earlier, you...

Hojo
There's so many frivolous things in this world.

Barret runs over and aims his gun-arm at Hojo.

Hojo
Are you going to kill me? I don't think you should.
The equipment here is extremely delicate. Without me, who could operate it? Hmm?

Cloud
Ugh.

Hojo
That's right. I recommend you think things out logically before you make any rash moves.
Now, bring in the Specimen!

The elevator within the glass chamber raises, bringing the lion-creature up to join Aeris. It starts growling at her and she runs away to pound on the glass.

Aeris
Cloud, help!

Cloud
What do you think you're doin'?

Hojo
Lending a helping hand to an endangered species... Both of them are on the brink of extinction...
If I don't help, all these animals will disappear.

Tifa
...animal? That's terrible! Aeris is a human being!

Barret
You're gonna pay!

Cloud
Barret! Can't you do anything?

Barret
Awright!! Step back!

Hojo
Stop!!

Barret fires at the glass chamber, and it starts glowing brightly. Hojo moves closer to the door.

Hojo
Wh... what are you do-- Oh! My precious specimens...

The door opens and the lion-creature jumps out, pouncing on Hojo.

Cloud
Now's our chance to get Aeris!

He runs inside the chamber.

Aeris
Thanks, Cloud.

She runs out. Cloud starts to follow, but stops and turns around.

Tifa
Cloud... what's wrong?

Cloud
...The elevator is moving.

Hojo
This is no ordinary specimen. This is a very ferocious specimen!

The lion creature looks up from attacking Hojo to address them.

Red
He's rather strong. I'll help you all out.

Tifa
It talked!?

Red
I'll talk as much as you want later, Miss.

Cloud
We'll take care of that monster.
Somebody take Aeris somewhere safe...
- Tifa, I'm countin' on you!
- Barret, take care of her!

Aeris runs out with either Tifa or Barret.

Cloud
What's your name?

Red
Hojo has named me, Red XIII. A name with no meaning whatsoever to me. Call me whatever you wish.

Cloud
Come on!

They dispatch Hojo's specimen, and Aeris rejoins the group.

Cloud
Aeris, you all right?

Tifa
She seems all right, ...in many ways.

Red XIII
I have a right to choose, too. I don't like two-legged things.

Barret
What are you?

Red XIII
An informed question. But difficult to answer. I am what you see.
...You must have many questions, but first, let's get out of here. I'll lead the way.

Aeris
Cloud... so you did come for me.

Red XIII
I apologize for what happened back there. I was merely acting to throw Hojo off guard......

Barret
Now we've saved Aeris, ain't no need to be in this buildin'! So let's get the hell outta here!

Cloud
If all five of us go together, we'll be noticed. Let's break up into two groups.

Whoever he doesn't choose to come with him says goodbye:

    Barret
    Later! Meet up at the 66th Floor Elevator!

    Aeris
    I'll see you later!! We'll be waiting at the 66th Floor Elevator.

    Tifa
    We'll be going first! Meet at the 66th Floor Elevator.

    Red XIII
    Don't be late. Do you know where the Elevator is? The 66th Floor!

The other group leaves.

Man
No! Please don't kill me. I only did what Hojo told me to do.
To prove it to you... here, this is the key card to the 68th Floor. Would I be doing this if I was the enemy?

Received Key Item "Keycard 68"!

The man then flees.

If Cloud attempts to go anywhere but the elevator...

    Barret
    Where you goin'? Everyone's waitin' at the 66th Floor Elevator.

    Aeris
    Not that way! Everyone's on the 66th Floor Elevator.

    Tifa
    Where are you going? Everyone's waiting for us at the 66th Floor Elevator.

Cloud and the others get on the 66th floor elevator. Rude of the Turks enters behind them.

Cloud
H, hey! What is it?

Rude
Would you press 'Up' please?

Cloud
Turks? Must be a trap...

Rude steps aside and Tseng enters.

Tseng
It must have been a real thrill for you... Did you enjoy it?

Cloud
Ggh...

The Turks take them up to the 70th floor, where they find the others also taken captive. Aeris is missing, though.

Cloud
You all got caught, too?
Where is Aeris!?

President Shinra
In a safe place.
She's the last surviving Ancient...
Don't you know? They called themselves the Cetra, and lived thousands of years ago. Now they are just a forgotten page in history.

Red XIII
Cetra... That girl, is she a survivor of the Cetra?

President Shinra
Cetra, or the Ancients will show us the way to the 'Promised Land.' I'm expecting a lot out of her.

Red XIII
The Promised Land? Isn't that just a legend?

President Shinra
Even so, it's just too appealing to not to pursue.
It's been said the Promised Land is very fertile.
...If the land is fertile...

Barret
Then there's gotta be Mako!

President Shinra
Exactly. That is why our money sucking Mako Reactor is necessary.
The abundant Mako will just come out on its own.
That is where Neo-Midgar will be built. Shinra's new glory...

Barret
@$#*^%! Quit dreamin'!

President Shinra
Oh really, don't you know? These days all it takes for your dreams to come true is money and power.
Well, that is all for our meeting.

Rude
Come on! Outta his way!

Cloud, Tifa, and Red XIII turn away without protest, but Barret hangs back.

Barret
Hold it! I got a lot I wanna say to you!

He starts towards President Shinra, but Rude drags him away.

President Shinra
If you need something else... talk to my secretary.

The scene changes to the detainment area, where they've been placed in cells. Cloud with Tifa, Barret with Red XIII, and Aeris by herself.

Tifa
Psst (Can we get out?)

Cloud
- (Leave it to me)
- (Kinda hard)

(Leave it to me)

Tifa
Psst (Cloud, you're so brave!)

(Kinda hard)

Tifa
Psst (Don't give up!)

Cloud
I wonder how Barret is doing

Barret
Hey!
Aeris is an Ancient and the real name of the Ancients is Cetra.
The Ancients know where the Promised Land is and the Shinra is searching for that Promised Land.
I only heard stories 'bout the Promised Land. I don't know if it really exists.
Is that right?
The Shinra believe that the Promised Land is full of Mako energy.
Which means, if the Shinra get there, they'll suck up all the Mako energy.
...and the land'll wither away. The Planet's gonna get weaker.
I can't just leave 'em be. I'm recruitin' new members!!
Me, Tifa, Cloud... and Aeris too.

He turns to Red XIII.

How 'bout you?

Red XIII turns away and lies down.

Barret
You're so damn boring.

Cloud
I wonder how Red XIII is doing

Red XIII
............Grandpa.

Barret
Grandpa!? Ha, ha, ha...... Grandpa, hmm...... ha, ha, ha......

Red XIII
What's so funny?

Barret
Nothin'...... ha, ha

Cloud
I wonder how Aeris is doing

Aeris
Cloud, are you there?

Cloud
Aeris!? You safe?

Aeris
Yeah, I'm all right.
I knew that Cloud would come for me.

Cloud
Hey, I'm your bodyguard, right?

Aeris
The deal was for one date, right?

Tifa sits up from where she's been lying on the cot.

Tifa
............oh, I get it.

Aeris
...!? Tifa! Tifa, you're there too!

Tifa
EXCUSE me.
You know, Aeris. I have a question.

Aeris
What?

Tifa
Does the Promised Land really exist?

Aeris
...I don't know.
All I know is...
The Cetra were born from the Planet, speak with the Planet, and unlock the Planet.
And...... then...
The Cetra will return to the Promised Land. A land that promises supreme happiness.

Tifa
...What does that mean?

Aeris
More than words...... I don't know.

Cloud
...Speak with the Planet?

Tifa
Just what does the Planet say?

Aeris
It's full of people and noisy. That's why I can't make out what they are saying.

Cloud
You hear it now?

Aeris
I, I only heard it at the Church in the Slums. Mother said that Midgar was no longer safe. That is... my real mother.
Someday I'll get out of Midgar... Speak with the Planet and find my Promised Land.
...That's what mom said.
I thought I would stop hearing her voice as I grew up, but...

Cloud
Let's just get some sleep

They settle down to rest. Cloud wakes before the others, finding the door to his and Tifa's cell open.

Cloud
The door's open... When did it open?

He runs out into the hall to find the guard dead.

What's happened?

He runs back into the cell.

Tifa... Wake up!

She sits up immediately.

Tifa
What's wrong?

Cloud
Something's wrong. Look outside.

Tifa runs out, and Cloud joins her.

Tifa
I wonder what happened...

Cloud
He should have the key on him...
Come on, Tifa, get Aeris. I'll go help Barret and the others.

Cloud runs into Barret and Red XIII's cell.

Barret, Red XIII... come with me. Something's wrong.

Barret
How'd you get in? Why's the door open!?

Barret and Red XIII run out.

Tifa
This's kinda eerie...

Aeris
Must've been attacked by...

Barret
The hell's goin' on'!?

Red XIII
No human could've done this.
I'll go on ahead.

Barret
I'll clean up back here, so you guys go ahead. And don't get caught by Shinra!

Tifa
Come on, let's follow Red XIII!

Cloud, Aeris, and Tifa follow Red XIII to where the Jenova specimen was kept, finding a huge bloody hole in the front of the empty chamber, with a trail of blood across the floor.

Red XIII
Jenova Specimen... Looks like it went to the upper floor using that elevator for the specimens.

Red XIII heads for the elevator and the others follow.

Red XIII
It looks like it leads up...

They follow the trail of blood to the 70th floor, where they find President Shinra dead at his desk, impaled by the Masamune blade.

Barret
He's dead... The leader of Shinra, Inc. is dead...

Tifa
Then this sword must be...!?

Cloud
Sephiroth's!!

Tifa
...Sephiroth is alive?

Cloud
...Looks like it. Only Sephiroth can use that sword.

Barret
Who cares who did it!? This is the end of the Shinra now!

Palmer
Uh!

He comes out from behind a pillar and tries to run, but Cloud and Barret catch him.

P, p, p, please, don't kill me!

Cloud
What happened?

Palmer
Se... Sephiroth. Sephiroth came.

Cloud
Did you see him? Did you see Sephiroth?

Palmer
Yeah, I saw him! I saw him with my own eyes!

Cloud
You really saw him?

Palmer
Uh! Would I lie to you at a time like this!? And I heard his voice too!
Um, he was saying something about not letting us have the Promised Land.

Tifa
Then what?
Does that mean that the Promised Land really exists and that Sephiroth's here to save it from Shinra?

Barret
So he's a good guy then?

Cloud
Save the Promised Land? A good guy? No way!!
It's not that simple! I know him! Sephiroth's mission is different!

Palmer frees himself and runs off as a helicopter arrives outside.

Barret
Rufus! &*%$! I forgot about him!

Tifa
Who's that?

Barret
Vice President Rufus. The President's son.
I heard that he's been assigned somewhere else for a long time...

Aeris
I've heard that no one's ever seen him bleed or cry.

Red XIII
I only know his name.

Tifa
I wonder what kinda person he is...

They run outside to where Rufus and Palmer are, Palmer apparently just finishing up a quick report.

Rufus
So... So Sephiroth was actually here. ...By the way.
Who are you guys?

Cloud
I'm Cloud, former SOLDIER First Class!

Barret
I'm from AVALANCHE!

Tifa
Same here!

Aeris
...a flower girl from the slums.

Red XIII (growling)
...a research specimen.

Rufus
What a crew.
Well, I'm Rufus. The President of Shinra, Inc.

Barret
You only President, 'cause yer old man died!

Rufus
That's right. I'll let you hear my new appointment speech.
...Old man tried to control the world with money. It seems to have been working.
The population thought that Shinra would protect them.
Work at Shinra, get your pay. If a terrorist attacks, the Shinra army will help you.
It looks perfect on the outside.
But, I do things differently.
I'll control the world with fear. It takes too much to do it like my old man.
A little fear will control the minds of the common people. There's no reason to waste money on them.

Tifa
He likes to make speeches just like his father.

Cloud turns to Barret.

Cloud
Get outta this building with Aeris!

Barret
What?

Cloud
I'll explain later! Barret! This is the real crisis for the Planet!

Barret
The hell's that supposed to mean?

Cloud
I'll tell you later! Just take my word for it now! I'll go after I take care of him!

Barret
Awright, Cloud!

Barret and the others run back downstairs. Aeris hangs back.

Aeris
Cloud... I just thought of something.

Tifa
...I'll wait for Cloud! Everyone, get to the elevator!

Aeris nods, and she, Red XIII, and Barret run on.

Aeris
Hmm, it's going to get pretty ugly from here on. We should check on our equipment.

They get on the elevator, and a combat robot attacks them from the other car. They defeat the robot and continue down.

Back to Cloud, as he and Rufus face off...

Rufus
Why do you want to fight me?

Cloud
You seek the Promised Land and Sephiroth.

Rufus
Hm, exactly.
Mm? Did you know that Sephiroth is an Ancient?

Cloud
...A lot has happened. Anyway, I can't let either you or Sephiroth have the Promised Land!

Rufus
I see. I guess this means we won't become friends.

Cloud fights Rufus and his pet Dark Nation, until Rufus decides to beat a dignified retreat.

Rufus
Heh... That's all for today.

Rufus grabs hold of the helicopter and it flies off with him. Cloud runs downstairs to where Tifa is waiting.

Tifa
Where's Rufus?

Cloud
I couldn't finish 'em. Looks like this's gonna get complicated.

Back to Aeris and the others as they arrive on the first floor and head for the exit.

Barret
I'll go on ahead!

He runs out, firing his gun-arm, but soon comes back in.

*&^%(*... surrounded, huh?
If I was alone this wouldn't be a thang but, I gotta reputation to protect.

Aeris
You all get out while you can.
It's not you they're after... it's me.

Barret
Yeah, well that ain't happenin'.
You got caught up in this over Marlene. Now, it's my turn to watch out for you!
Ok, playtime's over for you jackasses...

Aeris
...thank you, Mr. Barret!

Barret
Who you callin' Mr. Barret? That don't sound right!

Red XIII
Well then...
If you are through talking, may I suggest that we think of a way to get out of here.

Barret
Huh? Oh, oh yeah... You a cold man. Just like someone else 'round here I know.

Red XIII
Did you say something?

Barret
Notta thing. So what're we gonna do?

Tifa
Barret!!

Tifa comes running down from upstairs.

Barret
Tifa! Where's Cloud?

Tifa
Everyone, over here!

Barret
Huh? What's up? Where's Cloud?

Tifa
I'll tell you later! Hurry, Hurry!!

They all climb into the display truck and drive it out the window, following Cloud on the motorcycle. Shinra troops follow on motorcycles, but Cloud dispatches them with his sword. They reach the end of the road, and a large, armored tank/robot attacks from behind. They defeat the robot, and find themselves standing at the edge of Midgar.

Barret
Well, what do we do now?

Cloud
Sephiroth is alive. I... I have to settle the score.

Barret
And that'll save the Planet?

Cloud
...Seems like it.

Barret
Awright, I'm going!

Aeris
I'll go too. ...I have things that I want to find out.

Cloud
About the Ancients?

Aeris
......Many things.

Tifa
I guess this's good bye, Midgar.

They climb down a cable to the ground level.

Red XIII
I'm going back to my hometown. I'll go with you as far as that.

Tifa
...I guess this is the start of our journey...

Cloud
- You hate traveling?
- It's dangerous. You sure you want to go?

You hate traveling?

Tifa
...I don't know. But, I don't have anywhere else to go. So I guess it doesn't really matter whether I like to travel or not.

It's dangerous. You sure you want to go?

Tifa
......Mmm. But you know, it should be all right if you keep your promise.

Aeris
You know what? This is the first time I've ever left Midgar...

Cloud
- Really? ...You worried?
- It's dangerous. You sure you want to go?

Really? ...You worried?

Aeris
A little, ...no, maybe a lot. But I have my bodyguard, right?

It's dangerous. You sure you want to go?

Aeris
I thought you'd say that!

Barret
We told Aeris's mom to go somewhere safe, so Marlene should be safe too.

Cloud
- Yeah, she should be
- Hmm, I don't know

Yeah, she should be

Aeris
She said she didn't want to stay in Midgar anymore. ...Maybe it's for the best.

Hmm, I don't know

Aeris
Stop it, Cloud! I'm worried too.

Cloud
Then...
- Let's stay here for a while
- Let's go!

Barret
We need a group leader for our journey. 'Course only me could be the leader.

Tifa
You think so...?

Aeris
It would have to be Cloud.

Barret
^#$^%...... awright. Go Northeast to a town called Kalm. If something happens, we'll meet up there.
'Sides, we can't have 5 people strolling down the fields. It's too dangerous. Split us into 2 parties...

If Cloud chooses Aeris + Tifa for his party...

Barret
...Thought you'd do that.
Later, at Kalm!

If Cloud chooses Barret + Red XIII for his party...

Aeris
...Unexpected

Tifa
...combination.
Well, have fun with just the guys.
We'll see you at Kalm!


    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Kalm - Cloud's Story
Exploring Kalm
Cloud Begins His Story
Arrival at Nibelheim
The Town of Nibelheim: Visiting Family & Friends
Setting Out for the Reactor
The Reactor
Sephiroth Snaps
The End of Cloud's Story

Cloud and his party arrive in Kalm.

    Barret
    This is Kalm.

    Aeris
    We've reached Kalm.

    Tifa
    So this is Kalm?

    Red XIII
    ......looks like we've reached Kalm.

    Barret
    Yo, I'll be waitin' at the inn... Hurry up and get your butt over there!

    Aeris
    I wonder if everyone's there already. Let's hurry over to the inn!

    Tifa
    Everyone's waiting at the inn. Let's go Cloud.

    Red XIII
    We're supposed to meet at the inn. ......Shall we go?

    Barret
    Get over here!

    Aeris
    Well then, I'll go on ahead.

    Tifa
    Let's go Cloud.

    Red XIII
    Let's go Cloud.

The others all go inside, but Cloud has the opportunity to explore the town before joining them.

Redhead
Aw, c'mon! listen to me! Got anything interesting to say?......

Old Man
Thanks to Shinra, Inc. developing Mako energy for us, everything's more convenient now.
Maybe a little too convenient.

Black-haired Man
Tourists, huh?
There are some things you should know that'll come in handy when you travel around the world......
Want me to tell you what they are?

Cloud
- Tell me
- I already know

Tell me

Black-haired Man
Then let me explain how to use the world map.
Well then, what do you want to know?

A tutorial menu opens.

Black-haired Man
Well then, bon voyage!

I already know

Black-haired Man
Is that so? Well, that's that. Have a nice trip.

Inside the first house...

Woman
Thanks to Mako energy, life's pretty darn convenient. Thanks to Shinra.
Don't you think?

Cloud
- Yeah, maybe
- You're full of it

Yeah, maybe

Woman
See!? How would we get by without Mako energy?

You're full of it

Woman
Hmmn. But I'd hate to think of what life'd be like without Mako energy.

Woman
Yeah, Mako energy's made our lives much easier. And it's all thanks to Shinra, Inc.

Girl Upstairs
Mako energy's made things a lot more convenient......
But seems like a lot of plants and animals have been disappearing at a rapid pace.
I think the old life was better.
Don't you think so?

Cloud
- Yeah, maybe
- No way

Yeah, maybe

Girl Upstairs
Yeah, sure I'm right! You think so, don't you?

No way

Girl Upstairs
That sounds just like what my mom says.

Girl Upstairs
I thought things were better when I was able to play with animals......

Inside the second house...

Old Man
Did you say you came from Midgar?
I used to live there, too. But I hear they got lots of troubles lately.

Inside the third house...

Woman
There was a suspicious-looking man in a black cloak! He was carrying a wicked-looking sword.
Why doesn't anyone believe me? I'm all alone...

Upstairs, a boy is running around while a little girl watches him.

Girl
......My older brother's so stupid. He's so embarrassing I could just puke!

Boy
When I grow up I'm gonna be in SOLDIER. That's why I'm training hard now!!
Hyah, hayah, eagghh!

Back outside...

Man in Blue
I hear that the natural resources near the reactors are being sucked dry.
We're better off with them bringing in the Mako energy.

Man
I heard President Shinra was killed. And his son Rufus, the new president, was badly hurt.
Hey, I bet that's news to you?

Cloud
- Hey you're pretty clued!!
- Don't care...

Hey you're pretty clued!!

Man
Heh, heh, heh...... This is just between us. I heard it was that there Ava-whaddya call-ums that attacked the President Shinra and his son.

Don't care...

Man
Don't care? If you're going to travel, you'd best keep an eye on what Shinra's doing.

Man
Shinra is leading the world around by the nose, and you guys are just gonna sit back and take it?

Woman
The famous floating city, Midgar... Just once I'd love to see it in person.
South of this town past the Mythril Mine and far to the west is a Shinra harbor called Junon.
They say there's a reactor and many tall buildings there. I hope to see it someday.

Inside the fourth house...

Woman
Is it true that Shinra made a Monster?

Cloud
- It's true
- Just a rumor

Woman (she says the same thing regardless)
Yeah, well either way, as long as we're using the reactor, we can't stand up to Shinra.

Kalm Traveler
The world's at peace... all's well.
I got my health, and enough to eat... all's well.

Kid outside Bar
My old man was a miner, but he couldn't go to work after monsters started appearing in the Mythril Mine.
Now all he does is sit around getting drunk in the bar...

Inside the bar...

Person in Blue
I heard terrorists bombed a Midgar reactor...
There sure have been a lot of dangerous accidents recently. I hate it, just hate it.

Man
Me? I used to work in a coal mine down south called Mythril Mine.
But, right around then, monsters started appearing.
After that, business went to pot and now I spend the days here drinking.
Urrrp! ...hic... I'm stinking drunk!!

Bartender
It seems there was this group called AVALANCHE runnin' around, but I guess they finally got wiped out by SOLDIER.
Shinra is trying to eliminate anyone, who stands up to them.
It don't matter if we like it or not. Shinra's taken over, and we gotta live with it!

Cook
Stay out of the kitchen.

If Cloud tries to leave Kalm...

Cloud
Barret and the others are waiting for us at the inn.

His exploration of the town exhausted, Cloud goes to the inn.

Innkeeper
Mr...... Cloud? Your party is waiting for you on the 2nd floor.

Cloud heads upstairs to find everyone waiting.

Aeris
Cloud, you're late!

Barret
Yo man, you're late!

Cloud
Sorry to keep you waiting.

Aeris
Guess everyone's here now.

Barret
So let's hear your story......
You know, the one about Sephiroth and the crisis facing the planet.
Let's hear it all.

Cloud
......I used to want to be like Sephiroth, so I joined SOLDIER.
After working with Sephiroth on several missions, we became friends.

Barret
You call that a friend?

Cloud
Yeah, well......
He's older than me, and he hardly ever talked about himself.

Tifa
.........

Cloud
So I guess you'd call him a war buddy...... We trusted each other. Until one day......

Aeris
...one day?

Cloud
After the war it was SOLDIER's duty to put down any resistance against the Shinra.
......that was 5 years ago.
I was 16......

A flashback sequence begins. Cloud and Sephiroth are riding in the back of a truck with two Shinra infantrymen.

Cloud
It sure is raining hard.

He walks to one of the infantrymen.

Hey, how are you doing?

Soldier
I'm all right.

Cloud
I wouldn't know...
I've never had motion sickness.

He walks to the other infantrymen.

Everything okay?

Sephiroth
Hey.
Settle down.

Cloud
They gave me some new Materia.
I can't wait to use it.

Sephiroth
...just like a kid.

Cloud
You going to brief us about this mission?

Sephiroth
...this isn't a typical mission.

Cloud
Good!

Sephiroth
Why do you say that?

Cloud
I joined SOLDIER so I could be like you.
But by the time I made First Class, the war was already over.
My big hopes of becoming a hero like you ended with the war.
That's why I always sign up whenever there's a big mission. Kind of a way to prove myself.
Say, how do you feel, MISTER Sephiroth?

Sephiroth
...I thought you wanted a briefing?

Cloud scratches his head.

Sephiroth
Our mission is to investigate an old Mako reactor.
There have been reports of it malfunctioning, and producing brutal creatures.
First, we will dispose of those creatures. Then, we'll locate the problem and neutralize it.

Cloud
Brutal creatures... Where?

Sephiroth
The Mako Reactor at Nibelheim.

Cloud
Nibelheim...
That's where I'm from.

Sephiroth
Hmm... hometown...

There is a loud thud.

Driver
Sir... s, something strange just crashed into our truck!

Sephiroth stands.

Sephiroth
That would be our Monster...

Sephiroth and Cloud go outside to fight the green dragon that attacked the truck. Sephiroth kills it in a few hits.

Cloud
Sephiroth's strength is unreal. He is far stronger in reality than any story you might have heard about him.

Aeris
So... Where do you come in?

Cloud
Me? I was mesmerized by the way Sephiroth fought.

Tifa
.........

Cloud
......and then we reached Nibelheim.

Another flashback sequence opens: Sephiroth approaches the gate to Nibelheim, then turns around to face the others, who are still off-screen behind him.

Sephiroth
How does it feel?
It's your first time back to your hometown in a long time, right?
So how does it feel?
I wouldn't know because I don't have a hometown...

Cloud
Ummm... how 'bout your parents?

Sephiroth
My mother is Jenova. She died right after she gave birth to me. My father...

He laughs and shakes his head.

What does it matter...?
All right, let's go.

The others approach and stop before the gate.

Soldier 2
Psst... (You keep wandering around here and you'll get in trouble.)

Soldier
It's so boring, being on watch.

Cloud
- You want to do what we always do?
- Just sit tight, it's your job, right?

You want to do what we always do?

Shall we practice?

Soldier
Practice... oh, you mean practice my pose.
Does someone in SOLDIER always have to be careful about what other people think?
...How did it go?

He strikes a pose.

...Was it like this?

Cloud
Good job!

Soldier
I really don't want to be in SOLDIER.

Just sit tight, it's your job, right?

I'll come and talk to you once in a while. Just stick with it.

Sephiroth
The Mako smell is pretty bad here.

Barret
You wait a minute!!
Isn't that, um...? The name of Sephiroth's mother...
I remember Jenova. That's that damn headless spook livin' in the Shinra building.

Cloud
That's right.

Tifa
Barret, would you please let us hear what Cloud has to say? You can ask questions later.

Barret
Tifa, I was only......

Tifa
Okay Cloud, continue.

Aeris
It's a reunion of childhood pals!

Cloud
......I was really surprised with Tifa.

Cloud (narrating)
...The town was quiet.
Everyone must be staying in their houses, afraid to come out because of the monsters.
No, maybe they're afraid of us...

In the flashback sequence, Sephiroth and Cloud are standing just outside the inn.

Sephiroth
We leave for the reactor at dawn. Make sure you get to sleep early.

He heads for the door, then stops and turns back.

All we need is one lookout, so you others, get some rest.
Oh, that's right...
You may visit your family and friends.

Sephiroth goes inside just as a man runs out of the neighboring house.

Man with Camera
I heard Sephiroth was coming and got my camera ready.
I want a shot of Sephiroth and a monster.

Cloud
- Take my picture.
- Better get back in the house, it's dangerous.

Take my picture.

Man with Camera
I don't take pictures with nobodys.

Better get back in the house, it's dangerous.

Man with Camera
All right... So big-headed...
Hey? This guy's a real...
You... Are you Cloud?
Really? So that's how it is, huh?
Gosh, Cloud, you've grown up to be a nice-looking lad.

Cloud
- Then take my picture
- It's dangerous, get back in your house

Then take my picture

Man with camera
Let's do this, Cloud. Let me take a picture of you with Sephiroth.

It's dangerous, get back in your house

Man with Camera
OK, OK,...... So big-headed... You're just his assistant

Soldier
Man... I'm so nervous.

Cloud
- How come?
- I'm excited.

How come?

Soldier
Look, you never know when a monster's gonna show up, right?

I'm excited.

Soldier
...That's right. Don't blow your chance to become a hero...

Inside the house next to the inn...

Woman
Welcome.
Hey? Aren't you...

Flash of white. The woman disappears.

Cloud
...Have I come here before?
...I don't remember.

Barret
Now you're pissin' me off!! This don't matter, so get on with it!

Cloud walks up to the Shinra mansion.

Cloud
This Mansion...
...No, I'll come here later.

Tifa's father is standing near the mansion.

Tifa's Father
Hmm? You from Shinra?

Cloud
- That's right!
- Who are you?

That's right!

Tifa's Father
Geez... Big-headed young kid.

Who are you?

Tifa's Father
I'm the town's... ...... ......!?
Aren't you Cloud?
Don't you know me?

Cloud
You're Tifa's...

Tifa's Father
Right. I'm Tifa's father.
...I want you to stay away from my daughter.
We don't need the Shinra's help to protect our town!

Cloud goes to his house across the street.

Cloud
This is...... my house. It has nothing to do with that incident five years ago.

Barret
Yo wait, I wanna hear.

Aeris
Me too! It's been a long time, right?

Barret
Tell us more!
You saw your family, right?

Cloud
- Don't want to talk about it
- All right......

Don't want to talk about it

Barret
Well I ain't gonna force ya...

All right......

I don't know if you could call it a 'family'......
My father... died when I was still very young.
That's why my mom...... was living alone in this house.
Yeah, I saw my mom.
My mom... she was a vibrant woman. Hadn't changed at all.
But a few days later, she died...
But when I saw her, she looked fine.

Back in the flashback, Cloud walks farther into his house.

Cloud
Uh...?

Cloud's Mom
Ye----s?

She runs over.

Cloud!?
Welcome home, Cloud!

Cloud
Hi, mom.

Flash of white noise.

Cloud's Mom
Come, come... Let me take a look at you!
Hmmm......
You look so handsome.
So this is a SOLDIER uniform?

Cloud
......Mom, I...

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
My, how you've grown.
I'll bet the girls never leave you alone.

Cloud
...Not really.

Cloud's Mom
...I'm worried about you.
There are a lot of temptations in the city...
I'd feel a lot better if you just settled down and had a nice girlfriend.

Cloud
...I'm all right.

Cloud's Mom
You should have...
an older girlfriend, one that'll take care of you.
I think that would be the perfect type for you.

Cloud
......I'm not interested.

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
Are you eating right?

Cloud
I'm all right. The Company takes care of me.

Cloud's Mom
Is that so?
You can't cook, right?
I was worried sick about how you were doing...

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
Cloud...?

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
You know, Cloud......

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
......isn't that right, Cloud?

Flash.

Cloud's Mom
I will always be your mother...

The screen fades to black.

Cloud (narrating)
......Let's stop this......

The image returns, with Cloud just outside his house. If he tries to go back inside...

Cloud
Hey...
I can't... remember much else. There's... nothing more to talk about.

Aeris
That's all right, Cloud.

Cloud goes into Tifa's house.

Tifa
Cloud...?
Did you go into my house?

Cloud
- Yeah...
- No...

Yeah...

I thought you might be home.

No...

I remember you weren't there.

Cloud walks up to Tifa's room.

Tifa
Cloud...?
Did you go into my room?

Cloud
- Yeah......
- No...

He walks to her piano.

Tifa
Did you play my piano?

Cloud
- No, I didn't
- Yeah, I jammed on it
- Just a little

No, I didn't

Nothing happens.

Yeah, I jammed on it

...Now how did this go?
- I forgot
- I remember

Cloud plays on the piano a bit. If you play the FF7 main theme, he'll say:

I've heard this melody somewhere before. Managed to play well...

Just a little

I can read sheet music too, you know...... Ummm, let's see......
Do... Re... Mi... Ti... La... Do... Re... Mi... So... Fa.. Do.. Re... Do... Forget...

Cloud walks to Tifa's desk.

Cloud
The letter...

Tifa
Did you read it? My letter?

Cloud
- I'd never do that!
- Yeah...

I'd never do that!

Tifa
Of course!

Yeah...

Tifa
Do you remember what it said...?

Cloud
- I don't remember...
- I remember clearly

I don't remember...

Tifa
Then, let's go on with the story about Sephiroth.

I remember clearly

Cloud
I read it...
It was a letter addressed to Tifa from the son of the guy that runs the General Store...

Letter
Tifa, how are you? I just arrived in Midgar eight days ago.
Yesterday, all of Nibelheim got together to welcome me. The only person that we couldn't get a hold of was Cloud.
But everyone said he wasn't really that close to us. So even if we asked, he probably wouldn't have come anyway.
Well, enough about him.
Midgar is really something. But to tell the truth, I feel so behind on everything... so out of it.
Even the rooms of people in the slums are clean.
Right now I'm living in the slums, but I plan to move to a really nice room, like the ones I've seen in magazines, once I make some money.
...but, to do that, I guess I have to find a job first. That's right. I still haven't found a job yet.
I lied to my parents and told them I found a great job with Shinra, Inc.
I wonder if it's too late to go back. Sometimes I think I should've taken over my parents' store.

Tifa
Cloud... Do you remember all of it?

Cloud
- No, that's it
- Yeah, I remember it all

No, that's it

Tifa
Then, let's go on with the story about Sephiroth.

Yeah, I remember it all

Because there was some stuff about me...

Letter
I just made it here to Midgar but all I think about is Nibelheim.
Hey, Tifa... Is that stupid old water tower still working?
Is the old man at the Inn doing well? Are my parents still at the shop everyday? Have any monsters attacked?
And most of all, how are you, Tifa? It feels like I haven't seen you for years.
We were all talking about you last night.
Everyone likes you. But because everyone idolizes you, I couldn't very well stab them in the back.
I always acted cool, but actually, I was just afraid of being jilted.
Wow, if I keep writing like this, this'll become a love letter!
So, I think I'll stop here. Take care. I'll write again.
P.S. Write me back, okay?

Cloud walks to the dresser.

Received "Orthopedic Underwear!"

Tifa
Cloud!!!

Cloud
- It's true
- Just kidding. Don't get mad...

Tifa (she says the same thing regardless)
...Cloud. We're talking about something really important here.

Inside the neighboring house...

Black-haired Woman
...Oh, you're with the Shinra? Welcome.
Oh, I'm sorry! It's you, Cloud! I didn't recognize you.

Two kids come running in.

Girl
Shinra----?

Boy
Chinra---?

Girl
SOLDIER?

Boy
Saltza?

Girl
Are you going to kill the monsters?

Boy
......are you going to?

Girl
He's soooo cool!!

Boy
Way cool!!

Black-haired Woman
Cloud, you've grown to be a strong man.

Boy
........................

Girl
Do your best.

Boy
Do your best.

Cloud enters the inn.

Gramps
So, what do you need, Cloud?

Cloud
- Where's Sephiroth?
- Give me a room to stay.
- Let me know the situation of the town.

Where's Sephiroth?

Gramps
Yeah, he's upstairs.

Give me a room to stay.

Gramps
It's all reserved for you Shinra people, so I don't mind. But, wouldn't you feel more comfortable staying at home?

Let me know the situation of the town.

Gramps
Now about the town...
A lot of monsters have been appearing in the last 12 months.
Other than that, there's not much change. Nothing much exciting happens in a little town like this.
It was all right when they were building the reactor.
...while they were still building it.
But once it was completed, it's been bad.
Within a few years, all the trees on the mountain withered away.
I don't know if the reactor was good or bad...
I mean it's easy to say that it was a bad idea now. But now, what can you do about it...?
Anyhow we've got to get rid of the monsters...
Then, we'll all be able to relax a little bit.

Zangan
......Hmmmm
Is Shinra here to get rid of the monsters?

Cloud
And who are you?

Zangan
I'm Zangan. I travel around the world teaching children martial arts.
I have 128 students all over the world!
In this town, a girl named Tifa is my student.

Cloud
Did you say Tifa?

Zangan
Tifa has good sense. She'll be a powerful fighter.
I want to see some Shinra techniques.
And if you see anything you can use, you might want to incorporate some of my techniques.
Well, good luck.

Cloud goes upstairs to find Sephiroth standing by a window, staring out.

Cloud
What are you looking at?

Sephiroth
...This scenery...... I feel like I know this place.

Soldier 2 (inside the room)
We're short one bed...

Sephiroth
.........
...We have an early start tomorrow. You should get some sleep soon.

Cloud
- It's still early
- Yeah, let's get some sleep.

It's still early

Sephiroth
...I'm not going to wake you up tomorrow.

Yeah, let's get some sleep.

Sephiroth
I've hired a guide to the Mako reactor.
I've heard she's young, I hope we can rely on her...

The next day, Cloud wakes late and runs out to join Sephiroth and the two soldiers at the start of the mountain path, just past the mansion. A few of the townsfolk are hanging around, too.

Man with Camera
Think they'd let me take a picture?

Tifa's Father
If I knew this was going to happen, I would've made mountain climbing off limits...

Soldier
I was so nervous. I couldn't get any sleep...

Soldier 2
...Late again.

Sephiroth
Once the guide gets here, we're heading out.

Tifa's Father
Listen to me, Sephiroth. In case something happens...

Sephiroth
...Trust me.

Tifa
I'll be all right, Dad!
I have two men from SOLDIER with me.
I'm Tifa. Nice to meet you!

Cloud
Tifa! You're the guide?

Tifa
That's right.
I just happen to be the number one guide in this town.

Cloud
It's too dangerous! I can't involve you in something like this!

Sephiroth
Then there's no problem if you protect her.
...Let's go.

Man with Camera
Ummm...
Mr. Sephiroth! Please let me take one picture for a memento!
Tifa, can you ask him for me too......?

Cloud and Tifa both pose in front of the mansion. Sephiroth reluctantly walks over.

Man with Camera
Cheeeeese!

He snaps a picture, and Sephiroth walks away immediately after.

Man with Camera
Great, thank you!
I'll give each of you a copy once I get it developed!

They start out up the path to Mt. Nibel...

Cloud (narrating)
A Mako Reactor was built in Mt. Nibel.
The cold air of the mountains of Nibel. It was no different...

If Cloud runs back to town instead of following Tifa...

Tifa's Father
I hate myself for asking you this, but...
Don't take your eyes off of Tifa! Hurry up and go back to her side!

Zangan
Oh? Did you come crying home?

Up on Mount Nibel, Cloud follows Tifa onto a rickety-looking rope bridge.

Tifa
It gets harder from here! Follow me!

Cloud and the soldiers start across after her.

Tifa
Uh... the bridge!!

The bridge creaks and then snaps, and they all fall to the rocks below. Cloud and Tifa land near each other and get up. Sephiroth and one of the soldiers come around the bend to join them.

Sephiroth
Everyone seems to be all right. Can we get back to where we were?

Tifa
These caves are intertwined, just like an ant farm...
Oh, and Sephiroth... There seems to be one person missing...

Sephiroth
It may sound cold, but we've got no time to search for him. We can't go back now, so we must go on. We'll travel together from here.

They continue on, entering some multi-colored caves.

Cloud
What's this?

Tifa
A mysteriously colored cave...

Sephiroth
It must be the Mako energy. This mountain is especially abundant in it. That's why the Mako Reactor was built here.

Coming out of the caves into the light, they find a Mako fountain.

Cloud
...And what's this?

Sephiroth
A Mako fountain. It's a miracle of nature.

Tifa
It's so beautiful...

She walks up to it.

If the Mako Reactor continues to suck up the energy, this fountain will dry up too...

The others walk over to join her.

Sephiroth
Materia. When you condense Mako energy, materia is produced.
It's very rare to be able to see materia in its natural state.

Cloud
By the way... Why is it that when you use materia you can also use magic too?

Sephiroth
You were in SOLDIER and didn't even know that?
...the knowledge and wisdom of the Ancients is held in the materia.
Anyone with this knowledge can freely use the powers of the Land and the Planet. That knowledge interacts between ourselves and the planet calling up magic...... or so they say.

Cloud
Magic...... a mysterious power...

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha!

Cloud
Did I say somethin' funny?

Sephiroth
A man once told me never to use an unscientific term such as mysterious power! It shouldn't even be called 'magic'!
I still remember how angry he was.

Cloud
Who was that?

Sephiroth
Hojo of Shinra, Inc. ... An inexperienced man assigned to take over the work of a great scientist.
He was a walking mass of complexes.

Tifa
A Mako fountain... So this is where the knowledge of the Ancients is.

They continue on and reach the Mako Reactor.

Tifa
We finally made it. We sure took the long way though.

Cloud
Tifa, you wait here.

Tifa
I'm going inside too! I wanna see!

Cloud shakes his head.

Sephiroth
Only authorized people are allowed in. This place is full of Shinra's industrial secrets.

Tifa
But!

Sephiroth turns to the soldier.

Sephiroth
Take care of the lady.

The soldier nods and moves to block Tifa's way up the stairs as Cloud and Sephiroth go on inside.

Tifa
Mm, man!
Better take real good care of me then!

Beyond the initial entry over the Mako pit, there is a large chamber. Inside are a number of strange pods, and at the top of some stairs there is a door marked Jenova. Sephiroth is standing before it, shaking his head. Cloud joins him.

Cloud
This is...... Jenova, right? The lock won't open...

Sephiroth goes down the stairs and Cloud follows.

Sephiroth
This is the reason for the malfunction. This part is broken.
Cloud, close the valve.

Cloud closes the valve.

Sephiroth
Why did it break...?

He pulls himself up to look in the window of one of the pods.

...now I see, Hojo.
But, even doing this, will never put you on the same level as Professor Gast.
This is a system that condenses and freezes the Mako energy... that is, when it's working correctly.
Now... what does Mako energy become when it's further condensed?

Cloud
Uh, umm...... Oh yeah! It becomes a Materia.

Sephiroth
Right, normally. But Hojo put something else in there. ...Take a look.
Look through the window.

Cloud pulls himself up to look. Upon seeing the monster inside, he falls back.

Cloud
Wh... what is this!?

Sephiroth
Normal members of SOLDIER are humans that have been showered with Mako.
You're different from the others, but still human.
But, what are they? They've been exposed to a high degree of Mako, far more than you.

Cloud gets to his feet.

Cloud
...is this some kind of monster?

Sephiroth
Exactly. And it's Hojo of Shinra that produced these monsters.
Mutated living organisms produced by Mako energy. That's what these monster's really are.

Cloud
Normal members of SOLDIER? You mean you're different?

Sephiroth clutches his head as though in pain.

Cloud
H... hey, Sephiroth!

Sephiroth
N... no......
...Was I?

He starts slashing at the pods with the Masamune, and Cloud leaps back.

Sephiroth
...Was I created this way too?
Am I the same as all these monsters......

Cloud
...Sephiroth.

Sephiroth
You saw it! All of them... were humans...

Cloud
Human!? No way!

Sephiroth
...I've always felt since I was small...
That I was different from the others. Special, in some way.
But... not like this...

He twists to look as one of the monsters suddenly bursts out of its pod and lies moaning. The scene fades.

Cloud (narrating)
Am I...... human?
I didn't quite understand what Sephiroth was saying at that time.
I was even more surprised by the fact that Shinra was producing monsters.

Barret
Damn, Shinra! The more I hear, the more I hate 'em!

Tifa
......who would have ever thought the Mako Reactor held a secret like that.

Red XIII
That would seem to explain the increase in the number of monsters recently.
I think we should listen carefully to Cloud. Don't you think so Barret?

Barret
(Why you talkin' to me!?)

Cloud
- Save game and take a rest
- Keep talking

Save game and take a rest

Barret
Yeah, mebbe so. Wanna take a breather here?

Keep talking

Nothing special happens.

Barret
......I get it.

Aeris
Tifa... You were waiting outside then?

Tifa
......Yes.

Cloud
We returned to Nibelheim. Sephiroth confined himself at the inn. He didn't even try to talk to me.

Tifa
Then all of a sudden he just disappeared, right?

Cloud
We found him inside the biggest building in Nibelheim.

Tifa
The villagers used to call it Shinra mansion.

Cloud
Long ago, people from Shinra used to live in that mansion...

Flashback scene: Cloud and the soldier join Zangan, Tifa, Tifa's father, and the man with the camera at the gate to the Shinra mansion.

Man with Camera
What's Sephiroth doing?

Zangan
There's nothing that'll harm the town, right?

Cloud
- Why...?
- No way!

Why...?

...Why do you ask?

Zangan
The Shinra showed up to eliminate any information that could be an embarrassment to the company...
You pick these things up when you travel as much as I do.

No way!

It's Sephiroth. He would never do that.

Zangan
...Oh my. You sure do have faith.

Tifa's Father
Until we know that there's no danger, we're not moving.

Cloud goes inside on his own and finds the soldier outside one of the bedrooms.

Soldier
There's no sign of Sephiroth, but I know I saw him go into this room...

Cloud goes into the room and finds the hidden door that leads down into the basement. At the end of the hall is a library, where he finds Sephiroth, reading.

Sephiroth
...an organism that was apparently dead, was found in a 2000 year old geological stratum.
Professor Gast named that organism, Jenova...
X Year, X Month, X Day. Jenova confirmed to be an Ancient...
X Year, X Month, X Day. Jenova Project approved. The use of Mako Reactor 1 approved for use...

Sephiroth stops in the hallway and looks up.

My mother's name is Jenova... Jenova Project... Is this just a coincidence?
Professor Gast... Why didn't you tell me anything? ...Why did you die?

Cloud approaches him.

Sephiroth
Let me be alone.

Cloud leaves the library.

Cloud (narrating)
Sephiroth didn't come out of the Shinra Mansion...
He continued to read as if he were possessed by something, and not once, did the light in the basement go out...

Cloud wakes in another bedroom of the Shinra mansion. He walks across the mansion to the basement entrance.

Soldier
Sephiroth seems different.

Cloud goes down to the basement and down the hall to the library.

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha......

Cloud continues to the study in the back, where he finds Sephiroth seated behind the desk.

Sephiroth
Who is it!?
Hmph... traitor.

Cloud
Traitor?

Sephiroth stands.

Sephiroth
You ignorant traitor. I'll tell you.
This Planet originally belonged to the Cetra. Cetra was a itinerant race. They would migrate in, settle the Planet, then move on...
At the end of their harsh, hard journey, they would find the Promised Land and supreme happiness.
But, those that disliked the journey appeared. Those who stopped their migrations built shelters and elected to lead an easier life.
They took that which the Cetra and the planet had made without giving back one whit in return!
Those are your ancestors.

Cloud
Sephiroth...

Sephiroth
Long ago, disaster struck this planet.
Your ancestors escaped... They survived because they hid.
The Planet was saved by sacrificing the Cetra. After that, your ancestors continued to increase.
Now all that's left of the Cetra is in these reports.

Cloud
What does that have to do with you?

Sephiroth
Don't you get it?
An Ancient named Jenova was found in the geological stratum of 2000 years ago.
The Jenova Project.
The Jenova Project wanted to produce people with the powers of the Ancients...... no, the Cetra.
...I am the one that was produced.

Cloud
Pr... produced!?

Sephiroth
Yes.
Professor Gast, leader of the Jenova Project and genius scientist, produced me.

Cloud
How... how did he...?
Se... Sephiroth?

Sephiroth
Out of my way. I'm going to see my mother.

Sephiroth leaves the library. Cloud runs out of the mansion after him, only to find the village below in flames.

Zangan
Hey it's you! You're still sane, right?

Cloud nods.

Zangan
Then come over here and help me!
I'll check this house. You check that one over there!

Man with Camera (lying on ground)
...Hey,
Ummm... Am I going to die?

Soldier (lying near Cloud's house)
...Sephi... roth

Cloud runs into his house, but comes out again right after, shaking his head.

Cloud
Terrible...
Sephiroth... This is too terrible...

Cloud turns to see Sephiroth cutting down villagers with the Masamune. Sephiroth turns and walks away through the flames. Cloud runs after him. He arrives at the Mako reactor to find Tifa kneeling by her father's body. The Masamune lies nearby.

Tifa
Papa...
Sephiroth!?
Sephiroth did this to you, didn't he!?
Sephiroth... SOLDIER... Mako Reactors... Shinra... Everything!
I hate them all!

She takes up Sephiroth's sword and runs inside. Sephiroth is standing before the door to Jenova's chamber.

Sephiroth
Mother, I'm here to see you. Please, open this door.

Tifa approaches with the Masamune.

Tifa
How could you do that to papa and all the townspeople?

She climbs the stairs and raises the sword over her head to attack him, but Sephiroth pulls the Masamune from her grasp and slashes her. She falls down the stairs, landing near Cloud as he runs in. The door to Jenova's chamber opens, and Sephiroth turns and enters. Cloud kneels to gather Tifa in his arms.

Tifa
...You promised... You promised that you'd come...... when I was in trouble...

He carries her to the side and sets her down, then runs inside Jenova's chamber to confront Sephiroth.

Sephiroth
Mother, let's take this planet back together.
I've thought of a great idea. Let's go to the Promised Land.

Cloud
Sephiroth...
My family! My hometown! How could you do this to them!?

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha...... They've come again, mother.
With her superior power, knowledge, and magic, Mother was destined to become the ruler of this Planet.
But they...
Those worthless creatures
are stealing the planet from Mother
But now I'm here with you
so don't worry

He reaches up and tears off the mechanical angel figure from the front of Jenova's glass tank, revealing Jenova itself inside.

Cloud
What about MY sadness!? My family... friends... The sadness of having my hometown taken away from me!?
It's the same as your sadness!

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha... my sadness? What do I have to be sad about?
I am the chosen one. I have been chosen to be the leader of this Planet.
I have orders to take this planet back from you stupid people for the Cetra. What am I supposed to be sad about?

Cloud
Sephiroth... I trusted you...
No, you're not the Sephiroth I used to know!

Cloud and Sephiroth face off, and the screen goes white.

Cloud
......and that's the end of my story.

Barret
Wait a damn minute! Ain't there more?

Cloud
......I don't remember.

Aeris
What happened to Sephiroth?

Cloud
In terms of skill, I couldn't have killed him.

Tifa
Official records state Sephiroth is dead. I read it in the newspaper.

Aeris
Shinra, Inc. owns the paper, so you can't rely on that information.

Cloud
......I want to know the truth. I want to know what happened then.
I challenged Sephiroth and lived. Why didn't he kill me?

Tifa
......I'm alive, too.

Aeris
Seems like a lot of this doesn't make sense. What about Jenova? It was in the Shinra building, right?

Cloud
Shinra shipped it from Nibelheim to Midgar.

Aeris
Did someone else carry it out after that? It was missing from the Shinra building.

Tifa
Sephiroth......?

Barret
Damn! Don't none of this make sense!
I'm going, going, going, gone!
And I'm leavin' the thinkin' to you!
Yo, Cloud! Let's get a move on!

Cloud
- Wait a sec
- Right

Wait a sec

Barret
Cloud, what's wrong? You just gonna stand there while Sephiroth heads for the Promised Land?
I ain't lettin' Sephiroth or Shinra get to no Promised Land. If they do, then we're all screwed.
Y'know what I'm sayin'!

Cloud
- Beautiful, just beautiful!
- Is that all?

Beautiful, just beautiful

Barret
Y'all jes leave it to me!

Is that all?

Oh brother......

Barret
Fine! That's good enough.

Right

Barret
Yo, c'mon let's go!

Barret runs down the stairs.

Cloud
Oh brother......

Tifa
.........
Cloud...?
How bad was I when Sephiroth cut me?

Cloud
I thought you were a goner. ......I was really sad.

Tifa
.........

Aeris
I...
The Ancients...... Cetra...... Jenova...... Sephiroth and myself......

Tifa
Let's go. Barret's waiting.

Cloud, Aeris, and Tifa head downstairs.

Red XIII
What a fascinating story......

They all join Barret downstairs.

    Barret
    Yo, Cloud. Here.

    Aeris
    Cloud. Take this.

    Tifa
    Oh, Cloud. Let me give you this.

Received "PHS"!

    Aeris
    With [PHS], I can see you any time!

    Tifa
    Just use [PHS], and you can contact any one of us easy.

    Red XIII
    [PHS], will put us in constant contact with each other.

    Barret
    Awright then, we're outta here.

    Aeris
    Well, I'll be going.

    Tifa
    I'm going on ahead.

Cloud and the others leave the inn.

Redhead
Listen to me! Just now, some guy in a black cloak goes walked east towards that grassy field.
And he's got this killer sword, and is looking REAL scary......

With that as their first clue, Cloud and the others set out across the grasslands.

< The Shinra Building | Kalm | The Road to Junon >

Back to Script




    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The Road to Junon - Yuffie
Chocobo Farm on the Grasslands
Mythril Mine: A Run In with the Turks
Forests of Junon: Meeting Yuffie

Travelling across the grasslands from Kalm, Cloud and the others come across a chocobo farm. In a pen outside, several chocobos are walking about.

Chocobo
Wark!
Wark? Warkwark wark?

Cloud
- Wark
- Warrrk

Wark

The chocobos perform a sort of waltz.

Chocobo
Wark-----

Received "Choco/Mog" Materia!

Warrrk

Chocobo
Wark!! Wark!!

They go inside the house, where they find the owner of the farm.

Choco Bill
Thinking of crossing the marshes?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Not interested

Yeah

Choco Bill
Hmm, then it'll probably be safer for you to get a Chocobo.
That way you can zip through the marshes with the Chocobo.
It's the only way to avoid being attacked by the Midgar Zolom.
Midgar Zolom...?
It's a serpent-like creature over 30 feet tall!!
It picks up on footsteps that enter the marshes...
And then, BAM!! It attacks!!!
To avoid that, buy a Chocobo at the Choco Bill & Choco Billy Chocobo Farm.
To purchase a Chocobo, please talk to my grandson. He's in the Chocobo stables at the far right end of the farm.
By the way, there was another person heading towards the Marshes.
Without a Chocobo, the Midgar Zolom probably got him. It was a man in a Black Cape.

Not interested

Choco Bill
Hmm, then, I guess that's that.

Cloud goes to the stables, where two children are tending to the chocobos.

Chole
Welcome.

Choco Billy
Do you want a Chocobo?

Cloud
Mmm......
- Give me one
- Nope

Give me one

Choco Billy
You old folks are out of luck!

Cloud
Old folks...?

Billy
We're all out of Chocobos. I'm taking care of those ones out there for someone else.
You know, if you really want a Chocobo, you should go out and catch one.
Want to know how to catch a Chocobo?

Cloud
- Where are they?
- How do I catch one?
- What else?
- Not interested

Where are they?

Choco Billy
You see those claw prints out there? Wild Chocobo's will appear in those areas.
But, if you don't have 'Chocobo Lure' they won't come out. They very cautious animals by nature.

Cloud
- Chocobo Lure?
- Go on

Chocobo Lure?

Choco Billy
'Chocobo Lure' is a type of materia which attracts Chocobos.
If you equip this, they'll come to you. But, without it, they won't appear.

Go on

Back to the tutorial menu; Cloud can ask any of his initial questions again.

How do I catch one?

Choco Billy
A wild Chocobo always appears with other monsters.
But, you won't be able to catch it because of the monsters.
That is why you must defeat the monsters first before you catch the Chocobo.

Cloud
- And then?
- That all you can talk about?

And then?

Choco Billy
Also, wild Chocobos are really cautious. They'll run away from the slightest things.
But, if you use 'Greens' They'll focus on that, and won't run away.

That all you can talk about?

Back to the tutorial menu; Cloud can ask any of his initial questions again.

What else?

Choco Billy
Whatever you do, don't make Chocobos angry. They're usually calm, but if you get them angry, you'll get hurt.
Oh, and remember, once you get off a Chocobo, it'll escape.

Not interested

Choco Billy
Well then, shall we get down to business?
I'll sell you the 'Chocobo Lure' for 2000 gil, right now.
You want it?

Cloud
- Buy it
- Don't buy it

Buy it

Choco Billy
Thanks!
It wouldn't hurt to buy some 'Greens' either.
Oh, and how fast a Chocobo'll finish eating depends of what type of 'Greens' you feed them.

Don't buy it

Choco Billy
Mmmm, if you don't have it, you'll never catch one.

Nope

Choco Billy
Oh, I'm so glad!

Chole
Wasn't it really expensive?
But don't be mad at my brother or Grandpa.
Ever since dad and mom died, it's been like this...

After leaving the farm, Cloud catches a chocobo and they cross the marshes, avoiding the Midgar Zolom. On reaching the other side, they find the giant snake impaled on a dead tree and stop to stare.

Cloud
Did Sephiroth... do this......?

    Barret
    This Sephiroth guy's pretty strong, I'd say.

    Aeris
    Our enemy is someone that could do this...?

    Tifa
    Amazing...

    Red XIII
    It's a power that we should respect...

Moving on past this display of power, they enter the Mythril Mines. After navigating through the tunnels, they come across an open cave, where they run into Rude of the Turks.

Rude
Just a second!

    Barret
    Wh, who are you!?

    Aeris
    By any chance, are you...?

    Tifa
    Who are you?

    Red XIII
    ...... I hoped I'd never see you again...

Rude
Do you know who I am?

Cloud
- From the Turks, right?
- Not interested

From the Turks, right?

Rude
Well if you know, then this won't take long.

Not interested

Rude
......I'm from the Turks. And don't you ever forget it.

Rude
It's difficult to explain what the Turks do...

Cloud
Kidnapping, right?

Rude
To put it negatively... you could say that.
...But, that's not all there is to it, anymore.
............
............

Elena
Sir!
It's all right, Rude! I know you don't like speeches, so don't force it!

Rude
...Then Elena, explain.

Elena
I'm the newest member of the Turks, Elena. Thanks to what you did to Reno, we're short of people.
...Although, because of that, I got promoted to the Turks, ...
In any case, our job is to find out where Sephiroth is headed.
And to try and stop you every step of the way.
Wait a minute, it's the other way around... You're the ones that are getting in our way.

Tseng
...Elena. You talk too much.

Elena
Mr. Tseng!?

Tseng
No need to tell them about our orders.

Elena
Sorry... Tseng.

Tseng
I thought I gave you other orders.
Now go. Don't forget to file your report.

Elena
Oh! Right!
Very well, Rude and I will go after Sephiroth, who's heading for Junon Harbor!

Tseng
...Elena. You don't seem to understand.

Elena
Oh! I'm, I'm sorry...

Tseng
...Go. Don't let Sephiroth get away.

Rude & Elena
Yes sir!

They make their way for the exits. Rude turns back.

Rude
...Reno said he wanted to see you after the injuries you gave him healed.
He wants to show his affection for you all... with a new weapon.

Rude leaves.

Tseng
Well, then...

If Aeris is in the party...

Tseng
Aeris... Long time no see.
Looks like you got away from the Shinra for a while, now that Sephiroth reappeared.

Aeris
...so what are you saying? That I should be grateful to Sephiroth?

Tseng
No...
Well, I won't be seeing too much of you, so take care.

Aeris
...strange, hearing that from you.

Tseng
Well then, stay out of Shinra's way.

If Aeris is not in the party...

Tseng
...Where's Aeris? She's not with you?

Cloud
Aeris isn't with us. She's with the others.

Tseng
Oh... Then give her my regards.

Tseng leaves, and Cloud and the others continue out of the mines.

Passing through the forests on the way to Junon, they run into a "mystery ninja," who attacks them. After being defeated, she lies on the ground with the party standing around her. There's a save point nearby.

* Note: Because you can pick up Yuffie at almost any time in the game, I've included every character's reaction here.

    Barret
    Wassup with that broad?

    Aeris
    Who is that girl...?

    Tifa
    Cloud, do you know her?

    Red XIII
    ...You don't see ones like that everyday...
    Who is that girl? She's still a child.

    Cait Sith
    Who do you think it is? I didn't recognize the face.

    Vincent
    She has a mysterious weapon... I've seen her somewhere before...

    Cid
    Who is that kid!

Cloud walks to the save point.

After exiting the Menu screen, they find that the ninja has disappeared.

Yuffie
Haa----ah! Gotcha! And you deserve it, too!

    Barret
    Hey, we been had! And... my money!

    Aeris
    Hmm... Hey, don't we have less money than what we had?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her?
    Hey! My money!

    Red XIII
    Hey! My emergency money!

    Cait Sith
    Gil, gil, gil, where's my gil!?

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.
    Hmm? ......pretty fast.

    Cid
    What the--!? Gone! It's gone! My money's gone!

200 Gil Stolen!

    Barret
    Shit!! Gimme back my money!!

    Aeris
    Geez!! You shouldn't do this!!

    Tifa
    Wait a second! Where's my money!?

    Red XIII
    Give... give back what is rightfully mine!

    Cait Sith
    Hey, you can't--! My gil, give it back--!

    Vincent
    The Gil doesn't seem to be her real objective...

    Cid
    Steal MY money, will ya? You got a lot of #&^%$ nerve!!
    Just remember who you're dealin' with, punk!!

Cloud walks over to Yuffie.

Yuffie sits up.

Yuffie
Man...... I can't believe I lost...

She jumps up.

Yuffie
You spikey-headed jerk! One more time, let's go one more time!

Or, if Tifa is party leader:

Hey, boobs! Try that again! Just one more time!

Or, if Cid is party leader:

Hey, you bow-legged ol' man! Give me another chance! I'll fight ya again!

Cloud
- All right
- Not interested
	

Tifa
- What did you say!?
- Don't fight
	

Cid
- Give her a lickin'
- Forget it!

All right

Yuffie
I won't lose this time! Take your time and get ready. Holler when you're ready!

She shakes her fist at Cloud.

At this point, it's not possible to talk to her again, so you have to check the Menu screen. Afterwards, they find that Yuffie has disappeared.

Yuffie
No way I'm going to fight with punks like you more than once!
I'll keep enough for the doctor bill! Next time, you won't be as lucky!

    Barret
    Hey, we been had! And... my money!

    Aeris
    Hmm... Hey, don't we have less money than what we had?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her?
    Hey! My money!

    Red XIII
    Hey! My emergency money!

    Cait Sith
    Gil, gil, gil, where's my gil!?

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.
    Hmm? ......pretty fast.

    Cid
    What the--!? Gone! It's gone! My money's gone!

200 Gil Stolen!

    Barret
    Shit!! Gimme back my money!!

    Aeris
    Geez!! You shouldn't do this!!

    Tifa
    Wait a second! Where's my money!?

    Red XIII
    Give... give back what is rightfully mine!

    Cait Sith
    Hey, you can't--! My gil, give it back--!

    Vincent
    The Gil doesn't seem to be her real objective...

    Cid
    Steal MY money, will ya? You got a lot of #&^%$ nerve!!
    Just remember who you're dealin' with, punk!!

Not interested

Yuffie
Thinkin' of running away? Stay and fight! FIGHT, I said!
C'mon...... What's the matter?
You're pretty scared of me, huh!?

Cloud
- ......petrified.
- You're gonna lose again.
	

Tifa
- ......petrified.
- You're outta your league!
	

Cid
- Something like that
- You're wasting your time

......petrified.

Yuffie
Hmm, just as I thought. What do you expect with my skills?
Good luck to you guys too. If you feel up to it, we can go another round. Later!
I'm really gonna leave! REALLY!

Cloud
- Go ahead...
- Wait a second!
	

Tifa
- Yeah, so?
- Wait a second!
	

Cid
- - GO, then!
- ......Hold on!

Go ahead...

Yuffie
Oh yeah? Then do whatever you want!

    Barret
    Gone... Wassup with that?

    Aeris
    She's gone... So what was that all about?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her...?

    Red XIII
    Huh? She's gone...... What is she doing?

    Cait Sith
    ...She disappeared... I don't have a clue what was going on.

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.

    Cid
    She's gone, hey...... What's with that kid!?

Wait a second!

Yuffie
What is it, you still have somethin' for me?
......Hmmm. So is that it?
I know you want my help because I'm so good!
You want me to go with you?
	

Yuffie
What, you still want somethin'?
...Hmm. So is that it?
You want my help 'cause I'm so good!
You want me to go with you! Is that what you're saying?

Cloud
- ......That's right.
- You kiddin'?
	

Tifa
- ......That's right
- No way!
	

Cid
- ......That's right
- What're you sayin'!

......That's right.

Yuffie
Heh heh... thought so. You put me in a spot. Hmm, what should I do?
But if you want me that bad, I can't refuse...

If Tifa or Cid are party leader, the above line is slightly different:

But if you want me that bad, I can't really say no...
All right! I'll go with you!

Cloud
- ......What's your name?
- ......Let's hurry on.
	

Tifa
- What's your name?
- Come on, let's hurry!
	

Cid
- What's your name?
- Come on, or we'll leave you!

......What's your name?

Yuffie
Me? The name's......

After you select her name, she's gone.

Yuffie
What are you talking about!? You're the one who should go first!
Okay forget it! I'm not going with you!
Remember, if you piss me off... it'll cost you!!

    Barret
    Hey, we been had! And... my money!

    Aeris
    Hmm... Hey, don't we have less money than what we had?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her?
    Hey! My money!

    Red XIII
    Hey! My emergency money!

    Cait Sith
    Gil, gil, gil, where's my gil!?

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.
    Hmm? ......pretty fast.

    Cid
    What the--!? Gone! It's gone! My money's gone!

700 Gil Stolen!

    Barret
    Shit!! Gimme back my money!!

    Aeris
    Geez!! You shouldn't do this!!

    Tifa
    Wait a second! Where's my money!?

    Red XIII
    Give... give back what is rightfully mine!

    Cait Sith
    Hey, you can't--! My gil, give it back--!

    Vincent
    The Gil doesn't seem to be her real objective...

    Cid
    Steal MY money, will ya? You got a lot of #&^%$ nerve!!
    Just remember who you're dealin' with, punk!!

......Let's hurry on.

Cloud and the others just start walking away.

Yuffie
Huh? Hey...HEY!
Wait! I haven't even told you my name......
I'm Yuffie! Good to meetcha!

She turns away.

Heh heh...... just as I planned.
Now all I have to do is... a little this...... and a little that...... nyuk, nyuk, nyuk......

She turns back and runs after them.

Hey, wait up! Wait for me!!
Here, I'll give you back the money I've stole from you!
......or, uh, what's left of it.

You kiddin'?

Yuffie
Oh yeah? Then do whatever you want!

    Barret
    Gone... Wassup with that?

    Aeris
    She's gone... So what was that all about?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her...?

    Red XIII
    Huh? She's gone...... What is she doing?

    Cait Sith
    ...She disappeared... I don't have a clue what was going on.

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.

    Cid
    She's gone, hey...... What's with that kid!?

You're gonna lose again.

Yuffie
Wh... what!?
Uuuuugh! Now I'm really mad!
Make fun of me, will ya! Just watch!!

Yuffie runs off.

    Barret
    Hey, we been had! And... my money!

    Aeris
    Hmm... Hey, don't we have less money than what we had?

    Tifa
    She's gone... What is it with her?
    Hey! My money!

    Red XIII
    Hey! My emergency money!

    Cait Sith
    Gil, gil, gil, where's my gil!?

    Vincent
    ...... Difficult to understand her motivation.
    Hmm? ......pretty fast.

    Cid
    What the--!? Gone! It's gone! My money's gone!

500 Gil Stolen!

    Barret
    Shit!! Gimme back my money!!

    Aeris
    Geez!! You shouldn't do this!!

    Tifa
    Wait a second! Where's my money!?

    Red XIII
    Give... give back what is rightfully mine!

    Cait Sith
    Hey, you can't--! My gil, give it back--!

    Vincent
    The Gil doesn't seem to be her real objective...

    Cid
    Steal MY money, will ya? You got a lot of #&^%$ nerve!!
    Just remember who you're dealin' with, punk!!

With the eventual addition of another party member, Cloud and the others continue on their way.

< Kalm | The Road to Junon | Fort Condor >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Fort Condor - Fighting the Shinra
The Situation
Fighting the Shinra

On the way to Junon, Cloud and the others may happen across the entrance to Fort Condor.

* Note: Because they can bypass Fort Condor, it's possible to come for the first time at later points in the game, including while Tifa is the party leader, in which case the dialogue is slightly different. Red XIII also has slightly different dialogue after completing the events at Cosmo Canyon.

Man
We've been fighting the Shinra for a long time at this battlefield.
Even now, we're still settled in for a long war with them.
If you aren't in a hurry, would you help us fight them?
Listen, we don't want to push you but, if you're in the middle of something, why don't you finish that first?

On the way to Junon...

Cloud
- Where is Junon?
- We'll help you

Where is Junon?

Man
Let's see...... Head north along the coast, and keep going for a ways and you'll run into Junon.
You gotta be careful 'cause it sits in the shadows of a small hill.

We'll help you

Man
Really!? Then go on up and they'll fill you in on the details.

If the party has already been to Junon...

Cloud
- Like to help but...
- I guess we'll help you
	

Tifa
- I'm sorry... really
- All right, we'll help

Like to help but...

Man
All right then...... Take care of yourselves...

I guess we'll help you

Man
Really!? Then go on up and they'll fill you in on the details.

Cloud and the others go inside. They find the man by himself in the shed at the top of the fort, looking out the window.

Man
Do you guys want to see it, too?

    Cloud
    See what?

    Tifa
    What?

Man
The condors. They're huge. Come on, have a look.

Cloud has a look out the window. A huge condor is nesting close to the Mako reactor that sits atop Fort Condor's hill.

Man
What do ya think? Awesome, huh?

Materia Shopkeeper
Hello. I'm sorry but we're not selling anything now.
We're using everything we have for ourselves.

Item Shopkeeper
Sorry, but I can't sell you anything now.

Man with Hat
Hmmn, now this is something, I never thought anyone would ever climb up here.
......Your eyes are different. Well, anyhow. Any minute now, this will be a battlefield against Shinra.

(If you talk to him as Tifa, he does not remark on her eyes.)

You'd better get down before you get involved.

    Barret
    Shinra? The hell those jackasses doing here?

    Aeris
    What do you mean, "a battlefield"?

    Tifa
    You mean Shinra?

    Red XIII
    The Shinra......

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    Shinra again.

    Yuffie
    The Shinra? Here too?

    Cait Sith
    ......

    Vincent
    What do you mean by that?

    Cid
    A battlefield, we can't overlook that.

Man with Hat
It appears you have a problem with Shinra, too. After all, you climbed up here.
Why not listen to what I have to say for a moment?

With Cloud as the party leader...

Cloud
......
- I guess so
- Not interested

I guess so

Cloud's companions don't say anything.

Not interested

    Barret
    The hell you talkin' about!? They're all fightin' the Shinra too! You gonna ignore that!?

    Aeris
    After all, we came all this way, Cloud.

    Tifa
    Cloud, let's listen to what they have to say.

    Yuffie
    Is this about the jewels?

    Cait Sith
    I know, I know, Cloud. But let's listen for a bit.

    Vincent
    There's no harm in listening to them.

    Cid
    Man, she sure's cold.

With Tifa as the party leader...

Tifa
Oh, by all means.

Man with Hat
Do you know what's at the top of this mountain?

    Barret
    Huh? Something's up there?

    Tifa
    Come on, let's get it together.

    Yuffie
    Look close, old man.

    Aeris
    A huge bird.

    Red XIII
    That's the reactor. And the condor.

    Cait Sith
    Yeah, come to think of it there was something.

    Vincent
    Come to think of it, there was a reactor. But I've never seen anything shaped like it......

    Cloud
    The reactor and the condor.

    Tifa
    That's the reactor and the condor.

Man with Hat
I can see you're very perceptive. Yes, it's a reactor and a condor.
It seems the Shinra doesn't like the idea of having a condor on top of the reactor.

    Barret
    Damn, that's one big bird! But why are they trying to get rid of it with weapons?

    Aeris
    Why?

    Tifa
    What's so wrong with having a condor on top of the reactor?

    Red XIII
    It's not very logical.

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    The logic eludes me.

    Yuffie
    I'm certain there must be state-of-the-art materia inside the reactor. Am I right?

    Cait Sith
    Huh?......

    Vincent
    ......That's too much.

    Cid
    Huh? I don't get it.

Man with Hat
It seems there's some type of special materia in the reactor above us.
And because the condors came, the Shinra rushed troops here.
The military wants to get the condor and all the villagers off this mountain.
The condors are now warming their eggs, which hatch only once every few years.
We would like to protect the condors from being harmed.

Cloud
New lives......

    Barret
    I'll do it! I'll protect them from Shinra!

    Aeris
    We must protect the condor eggs, right?

    Tifa
    Condors' eggs. A real work of nature.
    We've got to protect the life of the planet.

    Red XIII
    So, to protect the eggs, are you gonna protect the reactor?......

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    We're going to protect the reactor in order to save the eggs.

    Yuffie
    Special materia, huh? Well, well, things are getting interesting.

    Cait Sith
    I'm gonna leave it up to you all.

    Vincent
    ......and come out in one piece?

    Cid
    You guys, what are ya gonna do?

Man with Hat
Unfortunately, we don't have the ability to fight Shinra ourselves.
That's why we have hired soldiers to help us.
As our sponsor you can help us with a contribution or by fighting along side of us...
What do you think? You want to join us in our fight?

With Cloud as the party leader...

Cloud
......

    Barret
    What's there to think about? We gotta do it!

    Aeris
    Cloud, why are you still worrying about it?

    Tifa
    Cloud......

    Red XIII
    You decide what we're going to do.

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    What are we going to do?

    Yuffie
    If things go right, we might even be able to pray to that special materia.

    Cait Sith
    I'll leave it up to you so please do as you see fit.

    Vincent
    It's difficult to get back what you've lost......

    Cid
    Don't be so wishy-washy. Hurry and make up your mind.

Cloud
......
- All right
- Not interested

All right

    Barret
    Hey! We'll come to the rescue.

    Aeris
    Yes, yes. Let's do our best.

    Tifa
    Cloud, thanks.

    Red XIII
    I got it. Let me lend a hand, too.

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    Got it. I'm gonna lend a hand, too.

    Yuffie
    Okay, it's settled. We're gonna get the materia, right?

    Cait Sith
    Well then, let's do our best.

    Vincent
    That's the right decision.

    Cid
    If you've made up your mind, let's just do it.

Man with Hat
Whew, we'll be saved.
Ask my son, who's standing guard at the shed, about the details of our military tactics. We're depending on you.
Yes, yes, I've also told the store owners about you, so they should sell you various items.
And feel free to use our beds.

Not interested

    Barret
    What are you thinking!? And you call yourself a human!?

    Aeris
    What a jerk. I'm disappointed in you.

    Tifa
    Well......

    Yuffie
    We may have lost the materia.

    Vincent
    Now don't regret what's already past.

    Cid
    If you've made up your mind, let's just do it.

Man with Hat
I see...... Come back if you should change your mind.

If you talk to him again...

Man with Hat
Have you by chance changed your mind?

Cloud
......
- Well, let's do it
- My position hasn't changed

His response if Cloud agrees is the same as if he agrees the first time around. Otherwise he says nothing.

With Tifa as the party leader...

Tifa
Everyone, listen to what I have to say.
I can't possibly leave these people like this.
Let's do whatever we can to help them. All right?

    Barret
    Hey! We'll come to the rescue.

    Red XIII
    Got it. I'm gonna lend a hand, too.

    Yuffie
    Okay, it's settled. We're gonna get the materia, right?

    Cait Sith
    Well then, let's do our best.

    Vincent
    That's the right decision.

    Cid
    If you go that far, what can I say. Well, we'll be able to do something if you leave it up to us.

After agreeing to help, the shopkeepers will sell their goods and their dialogue is different.

Materia Shopkeeper
Hello. Do your best. We will, too.

Item Shopkeeper
You hang in there!

Cloud goes back up to the shed.

If he didn't agree to help...

Man
So, will you help us? I don't want them to get killed.
They're gigantic birds and so striking. We simply can't let them be killed by man's selfishness?
Of course not. There's no way, especially at the hands of Shinra.
If you're going to go look at them, get on top of that chair over there.

If he did agree to help...

Man
Thanks for accepting.
Let me explain our strategy.
The enemy will climb the mountain looking for the reactor. We will leave a trap for them and hire soldiers to protect the area.
Well, that's all, but...... This village doesn't have any money. Even if we wanted to fight, our hands are tied 'cause we're broke.
If we hired one soldier, we would need 400 gil. So, if we hire 20 soldiers, we must have 8000 gil.
So if you folks have the time, we would like you to use your own money to hire these soldiers, buy the trap, set it up and command the troops.
If you're pressed for time we'd like you to help us with the money.
If you can give us the money, we can then hire soldiers with the funds and block Shinra's attack.
We know that what we're asking is selfish.
We have sent our wives and children to another village. We are resigned to our fate.
Let's get back to square one. If the enemy penetrates our shed, you'll have to fight them immediately.
Well, just because you lost once, it's not the end of the world, but if you lose repeatedly, it could be dangerous.
Now then, is there anything you wish to ask?

Cloud
- Conditions for victory
- The enemy
- Soldiers, which can be hired
- About funding
- Other issues
- Enough

Conditions for victory

Man
You can win by wiping out the enemy or killing the enemy commander in charge.
If the enemy reaches the shed, they'll attack, and you'll have no choice but to go into battle immediately.
In the event that you lose during direct contact, even if the enemy gets to the reactor, there's still a chance to save things.
But it's only a slight chance, and we have no idea how much the reactor can endure in an attack.
When we can't stand up to the attack any longer, the Shinra will take both the condors and our lives, as well as all the materia within the reactor.

The enemy

Man
There are four types of enemies.

He explains about wyverns, beasts, barbarians, and commanders.

Soldiers, which can be hired

Man
Your mobile allies are: Fighters, Attackers, Defenders, Shooters, Repairers and Workers.
Your immobile allies are: Stoner, Tristoner, Catapult, and Fire Catapult.

About funding

Man
We have 15000 gil right now.
We need 3000 gil for each battle.

Other issues

Man
First off, we must prepare the troops.
Move the cursor wherever the x mark does not appear, then press the O button to set-up.
After all positions are in place, select by pressing the X button. This starts the battle.
Soldiers can only be arranged near the shed, in the beginning.
That's because if the soldiers are too far away, they won't be able to follow instructions.
You can only put soldiers on the horizontal line at the very bottom.
Soldiers can be instructed by pushing the select button. So if any commands are unclear, push it.
Soldiers can report by pushing the O button......
The cursor will move to the soldier who made the report.
Press the X button and you'll hear the report without moving.
And you can bet Shinra will send platoons at you on a regular basis.
It would be great if you could spare the time to help us...
But if you really don't have time, would you contribute some financial assistance.

Enough

Man
Hey, this one climbing up here looks like they'd be just right. Please, any help is appreciated...
Preparations ready?

Cloud
- Wait
- Okay, ready
- Contribute gil
- Let them handle it
- Hear more

If at length Cloud decides to enter the battle...

Man
You have 10 enemies. There appear to be many Beasts, so you may want to deploy more Attackers.

The battle begins, with Shinra troops climbing the hill towards the reactor, Fort Condor's defenders in the way.

If they defeat the enemy...

Man
Whew, that was good. But Shinra's troops will be back.
Be sure and scout the area well... we don't know when they'll attack again.
We have 6 allies left, so here's 1200 gil.
Oh, yeah. I found this just now on the battlefield. Maybe it'll come in handy for you guys.

Received "Magic Comb"!

If the enemy reaches the shed...

Man
My God! They're attacking! We're counting on you.

Cloud runs outside to fight the commander.

If they win the battle...

Man
We made it through that one somehow. But Shinra'll be back.
Be sure and scout the area well... we don't know when they'll attack again.

If they lose the battle...

Man
Are you all right? Looks like a few got through.

Man
How are things going? Seems like there's no activity at Shinra.

Cloud and the others leave Fort Condor and head for Junon.

< The Road to Junon | Fort Condor | Junon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Junon - The New President Rufus
Lower Junon
Reaching Upper Junon
Rufus's Welcoming Ceremony
Exploring Upper Junon
Send-Off at the Docks

Cloud and the others arrive at Junon, walking into the old part of the town, grey and nearly lifeless. At the far end of the little street is an elevator to the upper city guarded by a single Shinra soldier.

Cloud
What happened to this town? It's so run-down...

Woman
Wow, now this is rare. We almost never have anyone other than the Shinra people visit this town.
I know you guys want to go to the Western Continent, but the only way is on a Shinra ship.

Inside the Weapon Shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
If you see a weapon you want, you'd better buy it.

Back outside...

Fisherman
Ever since... Shinra built that city up above during the war, ...ugh, ugh.
There's been no fish in the water! It got so polluted... phew...

Cloud
What kinda place is this?

Older Man
Who are you people? Where did you come from?

Cloud
Did you see a man with a black cape?

Older Man
Hmm... I've never seen that feller before.
There's nothing here now... But it used to be a busy port.

Elevator Guard
HEY! This is Shinra, Inc.'s elevator. Don't be snooping around here!!

Cloud goes down to the beach, where a little girl is playing with a dolphin.

Priscilla
He-y! Mr. Dolphin!
My name is......
Pri-scil-la!
Now you say it.

She turns around as Cloud approaches.

Who are you guys? Are you members of the Shinra, Inc.?

    Barret
    No! You got it all wrong! We're fighting against the Shinra!

    Aeris
    No you're wrong! We have nothing to do with the Shinra.

    Tifa
    No... stay calm...

    Red XIII
    ...we don't get along well with the Shinra.

    Yuffie
    Hey watch your mouth! We hate the Shinra!

Cloud
...that's how it is.

Priscilla
I don't believe you! Get out of here!

Cloud
Great...

    Barret
    Hey! Look at that!

    Aeris
    What's that!?

    Tifa
    Look at that!

    Red XIII
    Hey! It's a monster!

    Yuffie
    Whoa, Gawd!

A sea serpent approaches from deeper out in the ocean.

Priscilla
Be careful Mr. Dolphin!

She runs out into the water, the serpent attacks her, and she falls unconscious.

Cloud
Hey! Hold on, we're coming!

They fight and defeat the sea monster, and then Cloud carries Priscilla ashore.

Cloud
This is bad... You don't think she's dead, do you?

Older Man
Priscilla!!

He comes down to kneel near her.

Nope... she's not breathing...
Hey, that's it!
Young man, CPR, now!

Cloud
Mouth to mouth!?

    Barret
    C'mon Cloud.

    Aeris
    Cloud, hurry!

    Yuffie
    Do it, Cloud!

Cloud
But, ... she's just a girl......

    Tifa
    Cloud, what are you going to do?

    Red XIII
    You know I can't.

Older Man
What? You don't know how? Come over here, I'll show you.

Cloud
Guess I gotta do it...

Older Man
Just take a deep breath, hold it in. Then breathe into her.
Hurry up and do it!

Eventually Cloud manages to resuscitate the girl.

Priscilla
Uh... ugh...

Older Man
Hey hey! Priscilla, are you alright?

He picks her up and carries her off. Cloud follows, going up to Priscilla's house.

Older Man
Sorry, Cloud. Priscilla needs to rest for a while.

Woman (waiting outside her house)
Hey, come in for a while.

Cloud and the others follow the woman into her house.

Woman
I heard what happened. You've done so much for Priscilla.
You all must be tired. If you want to get some rest, stay here.
Make yourselves at home.

She leaves the house.

    Barret
    I'm gonna relax for a while.

    Aeris
    Want to rest?

    Tifa
    Take a rest?

    Red XIII
    Shall we rest?

    Yuffie
    Wanna rest?

Cloud
Yeah...
- We'll try later
- Let's rest

Cloud and the others turn in for a while.

...That reminds me.

Cloud
You again?
...Who are you?

...You'll find out soon. ......But more importantly, 5 years ago...

Cloud
5 Years ago... Nibelheim?

When you went to Mt. Nibel then, Tifa was your guide, right?

Cloud
Yeah... I was surprised.

But where was Tifa other than that?

Cloud
...I dunno.

It was a great chance for you two to see each other again.

Cloud
...You're right.

Why couldn't you see each other alone?

Cloud
...I don't know. I can't remember clearly...

Why don't you try asking Tifa?

Cloud
...Yeah.

Then, get up!

Tifa
Hey wake up. Wake up, Cloud!

Cloud wakes to find Tifa standing nearby. There is muffled but lively music in the background.

Cloud
Tifa...
When Sephiroth and I went to Nibelheim, where were you?

Tifa
...We saw each other, right?

Cloud
The other time.

Tifa
No... it was 5 years ago. I don't remember.
But, something seems strange outside. Cloud, come quick.

Cloud follows her outside.

Woman
For the past few decades, the only thing I've been hearing about is the Shinra.
I miss the times when we used to talk only about fish...

Cloud finds the others all gathered at the stairs leading up to Priscilla's house.

Barret
Seems like something's goin' on up there!

Aeris
I heard that girl regained consciousness.

Tifa
Doesn't it seem a little strange? Everything getting so noisy all of a sudden...?

Red XIII
Does this have something to do with the Shinra?

Yuffie
What's this loud music? It's giving me a headache!

Cloud starts up the steps and Priscilla comes out of her house.

Cloud
Are you all right now?

Priscilla
Umm... thanks for helping...
I'm sorry, I mistook you for one of those Shinra, Inc. ...

Cloud
That's all right.

Priscilla
I'll give you something SPECIAL!
It's an amulet. Take good care of it, ok?

Received "Shiva" Materia!

Barret
What's that music? It sure sounds lively.

Priscilla
I heard they're rehearsing the reception for the new Shinra president.

Barret
Rufus!? I gotta pay my respects.

Priscilla
Grandpa and grandma told me this beach was beautiful when they were small.
But after the Shinra built that city above, the sun stopped shining here, and the water got polluted...
I was raised on that story and hate Shinra so much, I could die!

Aeris
You think Rufus is thinking about crossing the ocean from here, too?
What? Does that mean Sephiroth already crossed the ocean?

Red XIII
Cloud, didn't you finish Rufus off?

Barret
We gotta get to the town up there... Mebbe we could climb the tower?

Priscilla
No! No! There's a high voltage current running underneath the tower. Don't wander near it, it's dangerous!
But... you might be able to if Mr. Dolphin helps you. Follow me!

She runs for the water, but the others hang back.

Tifa
High voltage tower......
I guess this means Cloud'll be all right.

Aeris
Yeah, better leave it to Cloud!

Red XIII
We're counting on you, Cloud.

Cloud
Hey!!
Wait a second!

The others disperse, ignoring him. Barret stands near the fisherman, Tifa and Aeris stand talking to each other, and Red XIII and Yuffie stand together.

Barret
Yeah, I'd like to take a good look at the new President of Shinra, Inc.!

Tifa
Don't you just hate this?

Aeris
You're probably right.

Red XIII
That looks like a Shinra soldier.

Yuffie
Aren't you going to follow her?

Cloud goes down to the beach where Priscilla is waiting.

Priscilla
Wait a minute.

She blows a whistle and the dolphin jumps. Barret comes down to join them.

Barret
Now ain't that something! I ain't never seen no Dolphin jump like that!

Priscilla
Pretty cool, huh? When I blow this whistle, Mr. Dolphin jumps for me.
Here!! This is for you, Cloud!

Cloud
A gift? What am I supposed to do with it!?

Priscilla
Just go into the water, blow this whistle, and Mr. Dolphin'll jump you to the top of the pole!

Cloud
Jump to the top of the pole?

Priscilla
See that rod sticking out at the top? If you jump just right, you can climb to the top of the town.

Barret
Good luck Cloud! If you make it, we'll follow you!
Whoa, I'll hold the PHS for you. It'll break if it gets wet.

Priscilla
You wanna jump with Mr. Dolphin?

Cloud
- Explain it to me again
- Sure
- I'll pass

Explain it to me again

Priscilla repeats her explanation.

Sure

Cloud goes into the water to begin the jumping-to-the-top-of-the-pole ordeal.

I'll pass

Priscilla
Come back whenever you want to see Mr. Dolphin!

Eventually the dolphin jumps Cloud to the top of the pole, and he climbs up to the Shinra airfield, where the Highwind is. He enters the base to find a group of soldiers running out to the street.

Soldiers
Eh! Oh!
The New President! He's here! He's here!
Hurry! Hurry!

Commander
Hey! You still dressed like that!? Come 'ere!

If Cloud tries to run out...

Commander
Hey! Rookie!! Can't you hear me!! Come over here!
Here!! Get in the room!

Cloud enters the locker room.

Commander
Today's the big day when we welcome President Rufus! Hurry up and change!
There's a uniform in the locker. Hurry and change!

Cloud
It's the Shinra uniform.
- Don't change
- Change

Don't change

There's Shinra soldiers all around. Better not try anything dumb...

Change

Brings back memories...

Commander
Quit yappin'! Hurry up!

Cloud changes into the Shinra uniform.

Cloud
A Shinra uniform...
I was so proud when I first put it on.
I wonder when it was...
...I couldn't stand wearing this thing anymore.

Commander
Wow! You look good in it!
You remember the Greeting procedure, right!?

Cloud shrugs.

Commander
...the look on your face says you forgot. All right, I'll show you again!
Do just like we do.

Two soldiers run in.

Soldiers
Commander!! We'll help too!
This is how to do it!
We'll sing too!

Commander
All right! Show 'em!!
Now, march!! This's the Welcoming March!

Soldier
Then! I'll sing along with you!
Quietly--!!
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
Hey, come on now.

Commander
Now! Keep in step with the soldier next to you and march smoothly!

Soldiers
Rufus--- Rufus Shinra----
We---are---Shinra Company---- The new-----President------
Oh----- Oh-----Shinra---------
Oh-----Oh oh -----Shinra, Inc.
Realization----of the new era--- New----President Ru--fus
Oh-----Oh oh -----Shinra, Inc.
Building-----the new era------ Shinra-----forev---er---------

Commander
Once you're all in step, shoulder your gun!
Good! Make sure you do well at the real parade!

Another soldier runs in.

Soldier
Rufus has arrived! Preparation completed!

Commander
All right, show time! Don't disgrace yourselves!

Elsewhere...

Soldier
Begin the Welcome Parade!

The parade begins. Back to Cloud: The commander, the two soldiers, and Cloud walk out onto an empty street.

Commander
Oh... no...!! No one's here!
Late---!?
Hey Rookie!! It's because you're running around like that!!

Soldier
Captain!! We'll take a short cut!

Commander
Right!
Good idea.
Get over here!!
All right! You first!

If Cloud tries to run away...

Commander
Hey!! Don't get me any madder than I already am!

They go through an alley connecting to the street on which the parade is going by.

Commander
Now listen up! This parade's gonna be broadcast live on Shinra TV, around the world!
If you look bad, the whole Junon army will look bad. Remember that and don't screw up!
OK! Jump in when I give you the sign!
Just sneak in from the back! Don't mess up the row!
And no matter what you do don't try to go in from the front!
All right!! Start marching!!
Charge-----!!

Cloud manages to sneak into the parade as instructed.

TV Producer
What the hell was that soldier doing?

AD
I don't know.

TV Producer
Are the points up?

If Cloud did poorly...

AD
This's terrible! Am... am I fired?

TV Producer
What!? You're FIRED!!
Send that soldier a bomb or something!

Received "Grenade"!

If Cloud did okay...

AD
Well, it's so-so.

TV Producer
Hmm...
Better send that soldier something.

Received 6 "Potion"!

If Cloud did pretty well...

AD
So-so.

TV Producer
Really.
I want somebody to send that soldier an expensive gift.

Received 6 "Ether"!

If Cloud did very well...

AD
They just shot up!!

TV Producer
We did it!
Send that soldier something special.

Received 5000 gil!

Cloud and the others join a group of soldiers drilling in front of Rufus and Heidegger.

Commander
Good! We made it.
Oh! President Rufus!
Hey! Line up and shut up!
Don't make a move!

The soldiers finish their show. Heidegger turns to Rufus.

Rufus
How's the job?
What happened to the Airship?

Heidegger
The long range airship is still being prepared.
It should be ready in about three more days. Gya haa haa!

Rufus
Even the Air Force's Gelnika?

Heidegger
......Gya haa haa!

Rufus
Stop that stupid horse laugh.
Things are different than when father was in charge.

Heidegger
Gya...

Rufus
Is the ship ready?

Heidegger
Yes Sir, we'll get it ready quickly.

Rufus turns and climbs up into the lift into the base. Heidegger turns to his group and charges. Everyone but Cloud flees. Heidegger punches Cloud and then runs after Rufus.

Soldiers
What a disaster.
Heidegger was really irritated...
The man in the Black Cape's been roaming the city, but we can't find him.

Cloud
Man in a Black Cape?

Soldiers
He showed up two or three days ago, and killed a few of our soldiers.
He disappeared right after that. There's a rumor going around that it was Sephiroth.

Commander
Attention! Dismissed!

The soldiers leave, and the commander walks up to Cloud.

Commander
Hey! Hey you! You messing with the army?

Cloud
- Who cares?
- What if I am?

Commander (he says the same thing regardless)
You're too lazy!! No break for you!!
Get over here!

The commander takes Cloud back to the locker room.

Commander
This is the military, soldier!! Your orders for today are to send off President Rufus at the dock!
I'll keep drilling you until it's time!

The two soldiers come back in.

Soldiers
I'll help, sir!
Me too, sir!

Commander
All right!! Line up in order and show me your final pose!
Today's command is Formation!
Remember it!
Ready!?
Junon Military Send Off, BEGIN!!

The soldiers practice the send off.

Commander
All right! Now you try it!

Cloud practices with them.

Commander
So, you got it?

Cloud
- Not yet!
- I've got it!

Commander
All right! Don't mess up during the real thing!

Soldier
Commander!! What's today's special pose?

Commander
Huh? ...I haven't decided yet.
All right, rookie!! I'll let you decide!
Show me your best move!

Cloud
Let's see... My best move is...

He twirls his gun over his head the same way he twirls his sword after a battle.

Soldiers
Woo----ow!
That's awesome!

Commander
All right!! We'll go with that as today's special!!
Practice it!

Soldiers
Yes sir!!

Commander
Well then! Meet at the dock!! Don't be late!!
Attention! Dismissed!!

If Cloud goes back down the elevator...

Elevator Guard
What? It's not time for our shift, yet. Just relax.

Cloud
Uh... yea......

He gets back on the elevator to Upper Junon.

Materia Shopkeeper
Come on, forget about your job! Step right up!!

Cloud enters the shop.

Materia Shopkeeper
Welcome!
I was just starting to get worried... You see our sales were pretty bad today.

In the bar, Rude is smoking at a table with a group of bald men.

Barkeeper
I'm sorry! It's all rented out today!

Rude
Mm...? You too?
Then, take your mask off and come here. That's our rule.

Man with Head on Table
Looks like something's going on outside, but we're too smashed to do anything...
Ooh, oohh... Oh man, my head's burning up...

Bald Man in Suspenders
Seems like you're all a little too young to be in here.

Big Bald Man
Seaweed... Seaweed...

Inside the barracks...

Man
Hey, how could you do that!? Nobody woke me up!
And I can't find the uniform I left in my locker, either. I wonder if I left it somewhere...
Geez! Do you think this could be... what they call 'bullying?'
Oh man, My future in the military, is pretty bleak.

Soldier
Hmm? A know-it-all, huh?
All right!! Come in!!

Cloud goes downstairs.

Soldier
This is a Respectable Inn... guests only!
You should absorb all the wisdom until it is a part of you.

Soldier 2
Ok wise-guy, I'll ask about Materia just so you can let off some stress.

A tutorial menu opens.

Soldier 3
Ok. Expert! Enlighten us on Limit Techniques, why doncha?

A tutorial menu opens.

Ghost
This is the Beginner's Hall (Intermediate)!
Your explanations were so complicated I couldn't return to the Planet.
So, I have a right to ask you again.

A tutorial menu opens.

Ghost 2
Ok, Mr. Know-it-all, ex-SOLDIER! Let me revenge... I mean, review!

A tutorial menu opens.

On up to the third floor...

Soldier Studying
Mmm? I'm not going to the parade.
The road to becoming SOLDIER First Class is very difficult.
Don't mind me.
As a man with promise and future, I don't have any time to fool around like the rest of you.

Cloud goes on towards the port...

Sailor Outside Underwater Reactor
What is it? The elevator's out of order right now due to an inspection.
You know, right under us, is a Submarine Dock and the Underwater Mako Reactor.
Mako energy puts a lot of wear and tear on the machinery.
A lot of problems can pop up. So it's necessary for close inspections and maintenance.

Soldier Near Lift
Oh! How's it going!? If you're looking for Junon dock, it's over there!
This lift goes to the Shinra section...
Ever since that Black-caped murderer... But we can't use it because we're all on red alert.

Inside Shinra's member bar...

Barkeeper
Hey soldier-boy, aren't you still on duty?

Tseng
Stay outta this.

Reno
The President's safety is secure because we're here.

Elena
The minute you think the job's boring, you guys start messing around.

Inside Junon Inn...

Innkeeper
Are you sure it's all right?
Nap while on duty?
- 30 gil
- Forget it

On the second floor...

Girl
Please! Come in...

Cloud enters the Materia Shop.

Girls
Welcome!

Redhead
I won't charge you for a smile...

Black-haired girl
Buy a lot, cutie!

Girl
Please go to the counter.

Shopkeeper
There's lots of stores in Junon.
If we don't do this... we can't compete.
But, what bothers me is that the girls make more than me.

Cloud leaves the shop.

Girls
Thank you very much!

On the third floor...

Accessory Shopkeeper
I used to be in SOLDIER... Once I left, I opened up this shop...
But to tell you the truth, I'd rather be at the shop downstairs.

Inside another barracks...

Soldier
Hey! Aren't you still on duty!?
Look, I'm in no position to talk, but...
Don't become a delinquent worker like me.

On the second floor...

Shinra Manager
It's so shameful!
...and they told me that I would be staying at five star hotels on these trips...
How can you guys sleep in a place like this?

Inside the Weapons Shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
Oh! Welcome!
We don't have anything special now. I kind of messed up the last time I ordered but feel free to look around!

Cloud finally goes to the dock and lines up with the other soldiers. Red XIII is watching from just inside the ship's cargo hold.

Commander
All right, it's time!

Soldier
President Rufus... has now arrived!
Ten... HUT!

Commander
This is it!! Junon Military Reception--!
Do it right---, Do it with enthusiasm...! Ready...!

Cloud and the soldiers perform the send-off exercises they practiced earlier.

Commander
All right! Now finish strong! Special!

If they did well...

Rufus
Well done.
Keep up the good work for Shinra, Inc.

Heidegger
Gya haa ha...!! Here's a special bonus for you!!
A token of the President's kindness! Don't forget it!

Received "Force Stealer"!

If they did okay...

Rufus
Very entertaining. Keep up the good work.

Heidegger
Gya haa ha...!! Here's a special bonus for you!!
A token of the President's kindness! Don't forget it!

Received "HP Plus" Materia!

If they did poorly...

Rufus
Looks like you need more practice.
With things looking like this, you better be ready for pay cuts...

Heidegger
Gya haa ha...!! Here's a special bonus for you!!
A token of the President's kindness! Don't forget it!

Received "Silver Glasses"!

Rufus
Once the word gets out that Sephiroth's here, Cloud and his friends will show up, too.

Heidegger
We'll crush them as soon as we find them!

Rufus
We can't have them get in our way.

Heidegger
Leave it up to me, sir! Gya haa ha!

Rufus
I thought I told you to stop that stupid laugh...

He turns and gets on the ship.

Heidegger
Gya......

He charges for the soldiers, but a whistle sounds and he turns to run on the ship.

Commander
All right! Dismissed!

Soldiers
That was close.
Heidegger's been really edgy lately.
Because Hojo disappeared, leaving a letter of resignation.
Heidegger's been forced to take care of that investigation, too.

Commander
Hey--! I thought you were dismissed!

Three of the soldiers leave, but one runs onto the ship.

Commander
We got some cleaning up to do! Hurry up!

Inside the cargo hold, Red XIII is just visible.

Red XIII
Hey, hurry. You're the last one.

Cloud
How did you get here?

Red XIII
A dolphin gave me a ride.
Priscilla remembered the dolphin after you climbed the pole. But, you mustn't be mad at her.

Instead of following the others away from the dock, Cloud, too, sneaks onto the ship.

< Fort Condor | Junon | Cargo Ship >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Cargo Ship - Ocean Crossing
Exploring the Ship
A Suspicious Character
Sephiroth

Cloud
We'll cross the ocean, to the new continent.
...even if we are wearing Shinra's uniforms...

In the cargo hold, there are a few others in Shinra uniform. The sailors are busy with various tasks and the soldiers are apparently standing guard...

Sailor
I'm workin' hard already, and you still want me to do more?
The new President's probably the same.
He's just gonna order us around anyway.

Yuffie
Urrrgh... This is why... I hate ships.
Hey, Cloud. You have any 'Tranquilizers'?

Cloud
- Here, use this
- Nope

Here, use this

Yuffie
Thanks... Gross... this is bitter.

Nope

Yuffie
...unless it's an emergency get away from me.

Yuffie
Where are the others?

Cloud
I dunno. Aren't they hiding somewhere around here?

Yuffie
How should I know...? Ugh...... urk......

Cloud jumps back, and moves on to find the others.

Aeris
Umm...... It's me Aeris.
Hey, Cloud. Did you see the Airship at Junon?

Cloud
...I heard it was big, but I didn't expect it to be THAT big.

Aeris
That was REALLY something.
Hey, do you think I could get on it?

Cloud
- I'll take you someday
- I dunno...

I'll take you someday

...keep hoping.

Aeris
Wow! I'm really looking forward to it!
Let's ride the Airship together, OK? Promise, promise me!

I dunno...

...It's a Shinra weapon. We probably should've destroyed it.

Aeris
...Hmm. But just once, I'd like to ride it.
Just once, I'd like to ride that Airship.

Sailor 2
It won't do any good trying to stop me!
All right! I'm going to show the new President what I'm made of!

Soldier
Hey, get to work!
Both the new President Rufus and Heidegger are aboard this ship!
If we do good, we could get promoted!

Cloud goes up to the deck. He finds Tifa up on the lookout tower.

Tifa
Yes sir! Everything quiet, sir!
...But, you know what? I really hate this uniform.
Uniforms, soldiers, war, I hate 'em all.
They take away all the things and people you love...
I wish they'd all disappear. Right, Cloud?

Cloud
- Yeah......
- I don't know

Yeah......

Tifa
You're right!
Uh, yes sir, I'll continue my watch sir! Hee hee...

I don't know

Tifa
...Cloud. Wearing those clothes seems to have changed you a little.
Does it remind you of being in SOLDIER? I hope not...

Sailor 3
President Rufus and his men are in the Bridge of the Ship. If they see you slacking, they'll bust you one!

Sailor 4
Hey! What's wrong, kid? You got no pep!
A seaman's gotta have umph!

Cloud
- I'm tired...
- Something's missing
- Leave me alone

I'm tired...

Sailor 4
I got just the perfect thing! 'Invisible Alpha'-- A super drink for seamen!!
Just one'll rejuvenate you! Only 250 gil!

Cloud
- I'll take it
- No thanks

I'll take it

Sailor 4
Thanks! This is a necessity for a sailor.
This is a must item for a sailor! Ha ha ha!

HP/MP Restored!

No thanks

Sailor 4
Hey! Seamen shouldn't be so stingy!

Something's missing

Sailor 4
Ey ey! Whattaya mean, 'missin'!?

An item shop menu opens.

Leave me alone

Nothing happens.

Soldier 2
Oh man, we're almost to Costa del Sol.
When I get there, I'm going to take a long overdue vacation. Maybe I'll go down to the beach and get a tan...

Red XIII
......
......It's me.
Red XIII.
I'm a little woozy, but I shouldn't get caught.
Humans only look at appearances anyway.
Anyway you look at it, I'd say I make a fine human being.

He turns around, showing his tail sticking out the back of his uniform.

It's pretty hard standing on two feet...

Back in the cargo hold...

Aeris
Hey, Cloud. Did you see Barret?
I hope he's not doing anything stupid...

Cloud goes back up to find Barret just outside the bridge, watching Rufus and Heidegger through the window.

Barret
Look, Cloud. It's Rufus and Heidegger.
They're this close but we can't do a thing to 'em...
Ummmm...... Gmmmmm......
How can he...... Goin' off laughin' like that?
Because of him, Biggs...... Wedge...... Jessie......!
Ggggggggh... Ggggh......! Ggggggghhh!!
God!! I can't take it anymore!
I'm gonna settle things here and now......

Emergency alert! Reports of a suspicious character found! Those not on detail, search the ship. Report when found!
I repeat. Suspicious character found on board! Those not on detail, search the ship. Report when found!

Barret
Damn, did they find us!?
Hey, that don't seem like us. Do they mean... Tifa and the others!?
Get off your spikey butt and let's go, Cloud!

Barret and Cloud join the others gathered on the deck of the ship.

Tifa
Everyone all right!?

Barret
You all right!?

Aeris
Huh?

Tifa
Everyone's here... right?

Barret
Hey, wait.
You don't think that suspicious character is...

Someone
Sephiroth!?

Tifa
Really!?

Barret
How the hell am I supposed to know!?

Cloud
...Let's find out.

Red XIII
It's the most logical thing to do. Then, who's going to go?

Yuffie (backing away)
N, not me...
I don't even like Sephiroth anyway. And beside...... ugh...... urk......

Cloud
...... Sephiroth......
......All right, let's go!

Barret
I'm goin' too!

Aeris
Is it really Sephiroth......?

Tifa
Take me with you!

Red XIII
These clothes are too tight on me. Can I switch with you?

Yuffie
I told you... I don't want... to, ugh...... urk......

Sailor 4
Say, who are you? You're not a part of the crew.
Oh well, seamen never bother with details!
How you feelin'!

Cloud
- I'm tired...
- Something's missing
- Leave me alone

Cloud the others go down into the cargo hold, where two sailors and a soldier lie motionless on the floor.

Soldier
...the Engine Room... ...a suspicious...... character...
No...... there's no way...... that...... not a human...... That thing's not human......

Cloud enters the engine room and walks up to the one soldier still standing.

Cloud
Is it...... Sephiroth?

The man turns around and collapses.

Cloud
No... not Sephiroth!

Sephiroth
......After a long sleep...
...the time......
...time has...... come...

    Barret
    Look, Cloud!!

    Aeris
    Look, Cloud!!

    Tifa
    Cloud, look!!

    Red XIII
    Over there, Cloud.

    Yuffie
    Ov...... over there!!

Sephiroth rises up through the floor of the engine room.

Cloud
Sephiroth! You're alive!

Sephiroth
......Who are you?

Cloud
You don't remember me!? I'm Cloud!

Sephiroth
Cloud...

Cloud
Sephiroth! What are you thinking!? What are you doing!?

Sephiroth
...the time...... is now...

Cloud
What!? What are you saying? Be more......

Sephiroth flies off through the ceiling, and Cloud's party enters a battle with Jenovaâˆ™BIRTH, fighting and defeating it. A small tentacle-like piece remains after the battle.

    Barret
    Isn't he...... that guy?

    Aeris
    I've seen this before...

    Tifa
    I've seen this somewhere... before.

    Red XIII
    That's what disappeared from the Shinra building...

    Yuffie
    Eeeew! What IS it! GROSS!

Cloud
...Jenova. The arm of Jenova.

    Barret
    Jenova...You mean he's been walkin' around with that thing?

    Aeris
    Jenova... With this thing?

    Tifa
    Jenova... He's been carrying this thing around?

    Red XIII
    Sephiroth took Jenova... What does it mean?

    Yuffie
    Gag... I'm feeling sick as it is without you having to show me THIS...

Cloud
So it WAS Sephiroth.

    Barret
    He said the time is now.

    Aeris
    The time is now... I think that was what was said.

    Tifa
    He said something about it being time for something.

    Red XIII
    The time is now...? What does that mean?

    Yuffie
    He was mumbling something about time!

Cloud
......Time... is now?

    Barret
    I don't know WHAT the hell's goin' on!
    Cloud, why don't you explain to me what's happened so far?

    Aeris
    Hmm... I don't get it.
    Hey, Cloud. Can you explain it to us?

    Tifa
    I'm getting so confused...
    Cloud, explain what's happened so far.

    Red XIII
    Hmm... The story's not that simple.
    Cloud, why don't you summarize what's happened so far?

    Yuffie
    So what's the story?
    Hey Cloud. Give us a quick run down.

Cloud
- I'll try
- Too much trouble [With this choice, he doesn't say anything more.]

Cloud
...I'll try, but don't interrupt me while I'm explaining.
Sephiroth went off searching for the Promised Land, so he could become the ruler of the planet... That was 5 years ago.
Then Sephiroth came back and killed President Shinra.
And then just now all of us saw Sephiroth.
He was carrying Jenova with him.
...This much I do know. He told me he wants to go to the Promised Land with his mother, Jenova.
...I guess that's about it.

Dock workers--We will be docking in Costa del Sol in 5 minutes. Prepare for docking.

    Barret
    Whoa! We'd best hurry and hide somewhere.

    Aeris
    Maybe we shouldn't stay in here anymore...

    Tifa
    We should hide somewhere again.

    Red XIII
    I don't think it's wise to stay here any longer.

    Yuffie
    Phew... We're finally here... Now we gotta hide......

The others start for the exit. Cloud turns back to look at where Sephiroth was.

Cloud
Sephiroth... is alive...
The Promised Land... Does it really exist...?

The cargo ship continues on to dock at Costa del Sol.

< Junon | Cargo Ship | Costa del Sol >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Costa del Sol - Taking a Break
Arrival at Costa del Sol
The Shinra's Arrival
Exploring the Town
The Beach
The Next Morning

The cargo ship arrives in Costa del Sol, and everyone gets off. Yuffie runs over to talk to one of the locals before joining the group.

Barret
Damn! Sure is hot here!
But I sure feel better now that I can say good-bye to this sailor suit.
Yo listen up!! Y'all be sure to mingle like regular folks here!

Aeris
Oh, too bad. I liked Barret's sailor suit.
He looked so cute.

Barret
......What'ya mean "cute"?

Tifa
Right... well, uh...
Barret, why don't you use that sailor suit for pajamas?
Right, Cloud?

Cloud
- I guess
- Keep your mind on Sephiroth

I guess

Ahhh...... You look like a bear wearing a marshmallow.

Barret
The hell's that supposed to mean!? This happens to be the most comfortable, so shu'up!

Keep your mind on Sephiroth

Remember, this isn't a vacation. We're here after Sephiroth.
I'm going on ahead.

Barret
Hmmph, Cloud. You're the one, who's always hangin' around wastin' time. I'm going to skip this resort!

Red XIII
...puff... puff...
Would you kindly hurry? The heat here is drying my nose.

Yuffie
Yeah, mine, too!!

Cloud
All right. We'll take a break and then head off.
Don't wander too far off.

Barret
I'll wander wherever I damn well want! Who made him the leader?

Barret runs off.

Aeris
Maybe I should get a tan for a change.
Which do you like, Cloud?

Cloud
- I like fair complexions.
- Maybe a healthy tan is nice.

Aeris (she says the same thing regardless)
Got it. I'll remember that.

Tifa
I think I'll go swimming.

Aeris
Sounds good to me!
Hmm? Cloud, are you thinking of anything in particular?
Your cool exterior's cracking...
Well then, let's go!

She and Tifa run off.

Red XIII
It looks like my mane got messed up.
I'm going to rest somewhere cool.

He slinks away.

Yuffie
Don't bother looking for me!

She runs off.

Sailor
You're stowaways, right?
It's okay. I'm used to them.
The truth is, before I worked here, I was one of the best.
Costa del Sol... a harbor paradise where the sun always shines and it's summer all year round!
Hmm...... Things aren't going well...... You can go sightseeing in the city.

Sailor Running Around
Don't bug me. This is Rufus's first official visit since becoming President.
It seems like he's here on business this time.
I'm so jealous of him, I could spit. We're both about the same age, but, he's President.

Sailor on the Helipad
Oh crap... The manager of Shinra won't come down.
Even though the President's here on business. All he does is play, forgetting everything to do with work.

Woman Lounging on Sea Plane
But a bunch of hardworking deckhands like you wouldn't understand.
On the marine blue sea, Gazing at the eternal skies that seem to go on forever... Gives you the feeling like you're taking a nap on the wing of a Cessna.
It's the ultimate high!

Man Near Sea Plane
Heh, heh... I hear the Shinra brass are arriving soon.
Heh, heh...! Got nothing to do with us, does it?

Cloud leaves the dock, and Shinra's helicopter lands on the helipad as Rufus and Heideggar get off the ship.

Rufus
What a long boat ride that was!!
Hmmm...... Good work everyone......

Heidegger
Gya, Heh, heh..., ha!! Hurry up with that!

Sailor
Yes, sir!!

Rufus
I heard Sephiroth was on board.

Heidegger
......Yes.

Rufus
And it seems Cloud and the others were on board, too.

Heidegger
......Yes.

Rufus
They all slipped through...... You messed up big this time, Heidegger.

Heidegger
I'm ashamed of myself.

Rufus
Is that all you can do...?
Give one word answers and apologize for everything?

Sailor
Ready for departure, sir!!

Rufus
......Do something. I'll be expecting results.

He walks to the helicopter, and Heidegger charges the sailors, throwing them into the ocean. The helicopter takes off.

Back to Cloud. If he goes back to the harbor...

Man Near Sea Plane
Hey! Spread out, all of you, out!!
Put any fingerprints, scratches, or dents on that plane and I'll put one in your head!
Da plane, da plane!! This's something you'll never be able to do in your lifetime.
So you just watch from a distance... and wish.

Woman Lounging on Sea Plane
He's quite handsome, isn't he?......
Oh, don't worry, I'm not talking about you.
I'm talking about President Rufus. Charming, rich, blond... He even looks good in a double-breasted suit.

Sailor
Damn. I'm soaking wet down to my underwear.
Oops! You must be those AVALANCHE guys!
Quick! Let's get outta here! Heidegger's in charge of the transport ship.
That's tough for both of us.
The transport ship won't be sailing for quite a while. Heidegger's orders.

Sailor Running Around
Rufus complimented me on my job!
Wow!! I guess it pays to do good work.

Shinra Manager
Oh, oh, oh!!! I'm gonna quit this company!!
I mean it, I'm really gonna quit!!
Heidegger's such an idiot!!
And Rufus, acting all big!!
God, that sure felt good...

Back to the town...

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Say, aren't you bored?

Cloud
- Not that much
- Yeah, we fight a lot

Not that much

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Oh, really? I'm a little bored.
Come on, back to work now!

Yeah, we fight a lot

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Isn't that good? You're just expecting too much.

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Here you are! The Costa del Sol tourist information guide.
What do you want to know?

Cloud
- Where's the inn?
- Where're the stores?
- Show me around town.

Where's the inn?

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Let's see. I recommend a resort located on the outskirts of the city.

Where're the stores?

Woman at the Information Kiosk
If you're looking for souvenirs, we recommend Butch's.

Show me around town

Woman at the Information Kiosk
Wait a minute. I'm going to look at my guidebook.
It says, Costa del Sol is the gateway to the West. And has a prominent world renown resort, which has been around for ages.
Come on! I don't care about that!
If you want a good time, come to the beach! There are lots of beautiful women.
You wouldn't happen to be... rich?

Cloud
- Oh yeah...
- Well, not so

Oh yeah...

Woman at the Information Kiosk
You're kidding! You can't tell just by looking.
But I'll tell you just in case.
After relaxing at Costa del Sol, stop by the Gold Saucer. It's a rich and exciting place to play!
Head south to the Gold Saucer, and you'll find casinos and an amusement park.
But if you're planning to walk, you'll have to cross mountains and valleys. I wouldn't recommend it.
But if you're on a vacation, you should go there at least once.

Well, not so

Woman at the Information Kiosk
I thought so.
Are you interested? This is the road to Gold Saucer.
Head south to the Gold Saucer, and you'll find casinos and an amusement park.
But if you're planning to walk, you'll have to cross mountains and valleys. I wouldn't recommend it.
But if you're on a vacation, you should go there at least once.

Cloud enters a nearby villa, and finds a suited man resting in the bedroom.

Man
What a fluffy bed...... feels so great......
Mmm... Just a little longer......
Oh!!
Oh, I'm sorry...... I didn't know you were here. This is embarrassing.
Take your time and look around.
By the way, are you seriously considering buying?

Cloud
- The heck do ya mean?
- I'm out of here

The heck do ya mean?

What are you selling?

Man
That's pretty low. Are you pulling my leg?
I'm talking about this house. This villa used to belong to President Shinra. It only recently came back on the market.
How do you like it?
It has a large lot, comes fully furnished with this goose-down bed, and there's even a basement to boot.
The villagers call it the Shinra Villa.
Of course, we're not giving it away...

Cloud
- How much is it?
- Not interested

How much is it?

Man
Wha? How do you plan to buy it without a dime on you?
Well, I'll tell the price just for your information.
It's a steal at 300,000 gil. Out of your range? Out! Go on, out!
Hmm... Is this some kind of joke?

Not interested

Man
Yes, you're right. I'm sorry, please continue.
Well, what do you think? Isn't it a fabulous villa?
The feeling you get with owning a villa is simply... how should I say? ...indescribable.
Well, let's wait for the captain.

I'm out of here

Man
Yes, you're right. I'm sorry, please continue.
Well, what do you think? Isn't it a fabulous villa?
The feeling you get with owning a villa is simply... how should I say? ...indescribable.
Well, let's wait for the captain.

If by chance Cloud actually has the money to buy the villa...

Man
'Praise the Lord,' it's a miracle!! Who'd ever think someone with some real money would ever come here...... I probably shouldn't even ask, but Are you really going to buy it?

Cloud
- Yep, 300,000 gil
- I changed my mind

Yep, 300,000 gil

Bought "Villa Cloud"!

Man
Hmm, good-bye!! Good-bye fluffy bed!!

I changed my mind

Man
Oh well I'm kind of glad!

Cloud
This is MY villa. Rest up in your new villa?
- With pleasure
- Gotta move on

In the basement, there is a man sleeping at his desk amidst bunch of crates.

Manager
Yes sir!!
Oh, those items are free, so please help yourself.
...SNORE... SNORE...
Geez my lower back's killing me!
Y, yes... sir!!
How do you do! I'm the Manager.
Nice to meet you.
Well, if you'll pardon me, I'll be leaving. Good-night.

In the corner pub, from whose window a woman peeks out occasionally.

Waitress
You want drink? Iz ok. You take time.

Surfer
We're all headin' over to Gold Saucer now.
We're gonna make a ton of money at the Chocobo races.
Then we're gonna take a trip to Icicle Inn and snowboard.

Surfer 2
Yeah, snowboarding's what's happening this year.
I'm sick of surfing.

Black Man
...huff... puff... I can't stand hot places...

Man
......HIC... Mm? Wanna order? We're outta that now.

Mukki
I really like this town.
You could walk around nearly naked, and no one'd look twice at you.

Man in Corner
Come on... please. If you don't buy from me... I can't make ends meet.

Barkeeper
Welcome to Bar del Sol! Here's to tropical nights!

Woman Behind Counter
Hey! I thought you'd drop by.
(That's 1, 2... 4 fishes all together...... not bad.)

Back outside...

Women Walking Around
Shall we play our hand around here?
Not yet. Remember, no compromises.
You're right. After all, this trip was expensive.
But only your average Joes are trying to pick us up.
Well, that's because we're just too beautiful and hard to approach.
I guess so. Well, I envy the plain Janes.
Why don't we compromise? We'll make do with what we have.
Not yet. Remember, no compromises.

Nearby, Red XIII is sitting in the shade, hitting a soccer ball around with two kids.

Red XIII
Hm, that's interesting.
It's not as if I'm doing this because I want to.
You see, this tail of mine, moves quite independently of my will.

Little Girl
I heard. That big dog talks like a human.
That's cool... but it's weird.

If Cloud kicks the soccer ball at Red XIII, he'll jump up and growl at him.

Red XIII
Grrr.......

Little Boy
1, 2, 3, here we go!

If Red XIII is in your party, the kids are playing by themselves.

Little Girl
It's the ocean. A creepy man was signaling for us to come.
I was scared to come here!

Butch
Well, we're lucky to have that cutie working for us part-time.

Yuffie
Ah, Cloud! Let me make a buck why don't you?
I'm sellin' Materia. Why don't you buy some!?

If Yuffie is in your party, Butch is tending the shop by himself.

Butch
Yeah, I'd like to hire a gorgeous chick and have a great time.

Item Shopkeeper
How about a 'Soft' as a memento of this wonderful trip? Made especially in Costa del Sol!

Inside the inn, Barret is in the bathroom in his sailor outfit, posing in front of the mirror.

Barret
Uh uh!
Hmmm!?
Marlene! You ok?......
Dad'll wear this when I go to see you.
Uh uh!
Hey, yo!!! Someone's in here, awright!?

Innkeeper
Uggh! I feel God awful! Oh!! You!
Weren't you the one with that big sailor?

Cloud
- Dunno what you're talking about
- Wasn't me

Dunno what you're talking about

What's the matter?

Innkeeper
Listen to this...
All of a sudden, this big sailor just busts in here, and takes over the restroom.
He's been in there moaning ever since.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Ah...... if you're checking in, would you please pay his bill, too?

Barret runs out of the bathroom.

Barret
Yo, Cloud! Still too early, ain't it?

Cloud shrugs, and Barret runs back into the bathroom.

Innkeeper
Come on now... He's a friend of yours...... fibber.
What now? Call it a night?
200 gil a night.

Wasn't me

I don't know.

Innkeeper
Wrong guy? It puts us in a bad situation. That guy's taken over the john.
And he hasn't even paid his hotel bit yet.
Ah...... if you're checking in, would you please pay his bill, too?

Barret runs out of the bathroom.

Barret
Yo, Cloud! Still too early, ain't it?

Cloud shrugs, and Barret runs back into the bathroom.

Innkeeper
Come on now... He's a friend of yours...... fibber.
What now? Call it a night?
200 gil a night.

If Barret is in your party...

Innkeeper
Shucks!! Too bad!
Hey! Hey you! Does your friend have a cute lady?
She came in here looking for him a while ago. Shouldn't you find her?
What are you going to do? Just forget about her and go to bed?
200 gil a night.

Inside Johnny's house, Johnny is standing around nervously and someone is taking a bath in the bathroom.

Johnny
What's with YOU!!
Hey, is it.........you?
We were in SOLDIER, and childhood friends before that. You were such a playboy.
And a $#&^ murderer!!
Why can't I remember your name?

Cloud
- Who are YOU?
- I'm Cloud, and don't forget it

Who are YOU?

Johnny
That's right. Long time no see. Do you remember me?
That's okay. We'll just keep on like we don't know each other.
I'm starting a new life in this town.
A lot of things happened to us. Heh, I better stop my mumbling! I sure envy you all just living outside with the sky as your ceiling.

I'm Cloud, and don't forget it

Johnny
You think you're good enough to go around bragging about who you are?
I don't wanna here it! Heh, no more mumbling from me!
From now on, I'm starting a new life!

Woman in Bathroom
I'm sorry about that. He's had some big shocks lately and is pretty depressed.

Johnny
Hurry up and get out of here!
I'm happy like this. So keep out of my life.

Down at the beach...

Aeris
Oh! Cloud!!

Tifa
Look, look at that!

Cloud
Hm...?
- Who, Hojo...?
- That girl in the bikini......?

Who, Hojo...?

Is that man over there, Hojo?

Tifa
Go over and talk to him.

That girl in the bikini......?

Not a bad view......

Tifa
What're you looking at?
That man over there. That's Hojo from Shinra. Get outta here Go talk to him!

Tifa
Go over and talk to him.

Aeris
I have a bad feeling about this.

Men on the Beach
heh heh...... All the good ones are gone.

If Tifa or Aeris are in the party...

Men on the Beach
What about that one? Shall we make do with her?
But she's got a guy with her.
No problem, I can handle him.
Right? You thought so, too?

If Tifa and Aeris are not in the party...

Men on the Beach
Geez! What about those two?
Heh heh...... I want the one on the left.
Well then, I guess that leaves me with the one on the right.

Cloud runs over to where Hojo is lying in a lounge chair, surrounded by three women in bikinis.

Woman
God!! What do you want?

Cloud
- I want to talk with that man
- Is that Hojo?

I want to talk with that man

Woman
(Hey, who do you think you are?)
Professor Hojo. That scary man says he wants to talk with you.

Hojo
I'm busy right now.

Someone
......But. Too bad.

Hojo
No, I remember you all now......
Yes, yes. I remember now.
It's been a long time, Cloud.

Is that Hojo?

Woman
(What's his problem?)
Yes, that's right. It's the Professor!
Professor... someone's here to see you, sir.

Hojo
I'm busy right now.

Someone
......But. Too bad.

Hojo
Heh heh heh...... All right. You sure are loud.
Long time no see, Cloud.

The others run over to join Cloud.

Cloud
Hojo......

Hojo
Sometimes you just gotta do something like this.

Cloud
......What are you doing?

Hojo
It should be obvious, I'm getting a tan.

Cloud
Answer me!

Hojo
Hmm! I believe we're both after the same goal.

Cloud
You mean Sephiroth?

Hojo
Did you see him?

Cloud nods.

Hojo
I see...... Ha! Ha!

He stands up on his beach chair.

Cloud
What is it?

Hojo
Nothing. I just remembered a certain hypothesis......
Haven't you ever had the feeling something is calling you?
Or that you had to visit some place?......

Cloud
I'll go anywhere Sephiroth is at!
To beat him and put an end to all this!

Hojo
I see...... This could be interesting.
Were you in SOLDIER? .......Heh heh heh! Would you like to be my guinea pig?

Cloud reaches for his sword.

Hojo
Oh, now what? Are you going to draw your sword?

    Barret
    Yo, yo! It's a bad idea to kill him.

    Aeris
    Cloud, don't. If he dies, we won't find out anything!

    Tifa
    Stop, Cloud! I know how you feel, but you mustn't.

    Red XIII
    ...huff... puff... Stop, Cloud!

    Yuffie
    Knock it off, Cloud! Look I don't know, but he knows a lot of stuff, right?

Red XIII collapses, and Cloud shakes his head.

Hojo
Ha! Ha! Ha!......

He walks to Aeris.

Say, aren't you the 'Ancient'?

Aeris
I'm Aeris. The least you can do is remember my name.
I want you to tell me something, Professor Hojo...
I know I'm an Ancient. My mother told me.

Hojo
Your mother? Oh, you mean Ifalna.
How is she?

Aeris
You didn't know!? She died.

Hojo
......I see.

Aeris
Professor Hojo...
Is Jenova an Ancient? Is Sephiroth an Ancient? Do we all have the same blood?

Hojo
......mumble... mumble... head west......

Aeris
He's mumbling slowly... That must mean he's hiding something!

Hojo sits down again.

Hojo
..................

Red XIII
Grrr, Grrr......... ...huff... puff...

Tifa
Hey! Answer us!!

Red XIII collapses again.

Cloud
......It's no use. It's no go.

Woman
He never takes off his lab coat even in this heat. I guess that's the mark of an intellectual.

Woman 2
I'll interpret Professor Hojo's whispers.
Head west, past Mt. Corel and keep going......
Did you get that? I didn't understand it well, myself.

Woman 3
I'd be happy to be a guinea pig, if it's for Professor Hojo!

Man Swimming
Yipes!! Help!!
...breath... breath...! Kind of takes your breath away, don't it!?

Man on Beach
If you're headed for Mt. Corel, then you'd better buy some "Soft".
At least that's what they always say, don't they?
Be prepared, and you'll never fear.
Hey, I'm no idiot. I NEVER count my chickens before they hatch! Pretty good, huh?

Inside Johnny's new house, Tifa is talking with him, the two of them sitting across from each other on the beds.

Tifa
Oh, right! I remember that, too.

Johnny
Yeah, yeah! And you remember the time when......?

Tifa
Hee, hee, hee!

Johnny
Ha, ha, ha!......

Tifa
Ha, ha... oh stop it! That's right. Oh really......

Johnny
Yeah. Oh yeah, and then that time......

Tifa
Yeah, yeah!

Cloud enters the room, and both Tifa and Johnny turn to look at him.

Tifa
Cloud, would you mind leaving us alone for the day?
We haven't seen each other for ages and sometimes it's fun to talk about old times for a change.
We'll try not to be too late.
So please don't worry about us!

Cloud
- Worry......?
- Yeah......

Worry......?

I'm not worried.

Tifa
You're right......

Yeah......

Just remember we're leaving early tomorrow.

Tifa
Ok, I know.

Johnny
Yeah, so don't get mad or something.

Back at the inn, Aeris is lying on one of the beds.

Aeris
Whew... I don't know why I'm so tired.
There's so many things I don't understand......
I feel a little uneasy.
Cloud...?
What do you think of me?

Cloud
- I dunno
- Nothing much

I dunno

I don't understand anything.

Aeris
......You're right.
Even I don't understand myself.
I wonder what part of me is like an Ancient?
What is an Ancient supposed to be like? It's strange, isn't it?
I don't understand it......
Ahh...... I'm going around in circles. I wonder if there's any answer to this. Everything's so complicated.
I'm going on to bed.

Nothing much

Sorry, but I never thought about things like that.

Aeris
How could you say such a thing! Sometimes you make me so mad!
Oh, I never should have brought this up!!
I don't want to talk about it!

Innkeeper
Welcome!! What's it going to be?
200 gil a night.

Cloud
- Stay
- I've changed my mind.

Stay

Innkeeper
You must be tired.
Tomorrow in the Costa del Sol area the weather is going to be...... sunny, again.
Cradled by the sound of the ocean waves...... Sweet dreams...

Cloud and the others spend the night.

Innkeeper
Good morning. Be careful traveling.
Your party has departed.
Oops......
That's bad luck......
I mean, they have already left.

I've changed my mind.

Innkeeper
You sure? I'll just be playing around here so drop by whenever you feel like it.

After spending the night...

Butch
You got me there...... We just hired her part-time.
She ran off with our money and Materia.
I guess a situation that's too good to be true, usually is.
Well, please feel free to browse around. Just don't mind looking at what's left.

Back at the beach...

Woman
That's right!! It totally skipped my mind!
There was something I was supposed to tell you.
That's right! It's about that!
It was yesterday. A man wearing a black cloak came up from the ocean.
I think he had tickets for the Gold Saucer... no, that wasn't it... I wonder if it was all just an illusion?

Man on the Beach
Hey...... heh heh...... don't forget to talk to me, too.

Woman 2
Hey! President Rufus came here yesterday.
He used to be the President's little boy. We nicknamed him the little Prez!
He didn't look much different than the surfers on the beach.

Man Swimming
Eeeew!! Leave me alone!
Ublk! Glug... glug...... You're gonna drown... I'm

Woman 3
Yes, Professor Hojo. Where...?
It looks like the Professor discovered or found a solution to something.
You know, I wonder...... if they headed west for Mt. Corel?
I'm getting a little sad.
Professor Hojo looks happy like a child when he discovers something. He gets this big smile and then laughs......
I guess we should chase after him. A vacation for two from Mt. Corel to Gold Saucer.

In Johnny's house, Johnny's sleeping, and the woman is still in the bathroom.

Johnny
mumble... mumble... (Tifa, promise me you're gonna be happy.)

Cloud and the others leave Costa del Sol and make for Corel.

< Cargo Ship | Costa del Sol | Corel >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Corel - Garbage Dump of a Town
Corel Mountains
North Corel
The Ropeway

Cloud the others make their way through the Corel Mountains. On the way up Mt. Corel, they run across an old man.

Old Man
Whew!!
Hey!
You're actually talking to me.

Cloud
What is it?

Old Man
I just passed a guy in a black cloak back there.
I just tried to tell him that it's dangerous up ahead, and he ignored me!

Cloud
Sephiroth...

    Barret
    ............ahh.

    Aeris
    There was a black-cloaked guy here, too?

    Tifa
    Let's hurry on.

    Red XIII
    Hmm...... I'm moving on ahead...

    Yuffie
    Oh gawd, what a drag!!

Old Man
It's dangerous up ahead. Be careful on your way.
If any strangers should greet you warmly while traveling, make sure to greet them back.
Whew! I guess that's the fun of being on the road.

Cloud and his party continue up Mt. Corel and on past the Mako reactor. They follow the train tracks through the mountains and find the others gathered near a raised bridge.

    Aeris
    Cloud!!
    I was just wishing you were here!
    Unless someone lets down the bridge, we're stuck.
    Cloud should be able to do something.
    But let's take a breather first.

    Tifa
    OH!! Cloud! That's it!
    We can't go on until the bridge is let down.
    I think there's a switch in that shack over there...
    But there's too many monsters around and I'm beat...

    Red XIII
    Wha? Oh, it's you.
    There seems to be an instrument in that hut that manipulates this bridge.
    Perhaps it's best if we rest a moment.

An arrow appears, pointing to the shack and proclaiming, "The shack is here!! (^^);"

Aeris
Come on, Cloud. Let's rest a minute.

Cloud
Ok, then...
- PHS
- Let's move on!

Barret
......whew!

Aeris
I'm sure glad I'm with you, Cloud!

Tifa
I'm beat...

Red XIII
What...?

Yuffie
I'm pooped!

Cloud heads for the shack. If Aeris or Tifa are not in the party, they start jumping up and down as Cloud passes on the track above.

Aeris
Oh, Cloud!! Good Luck!!

Tifa
Cloud!! Go Cloud!! Go!!

Further down, Cloud enters the tiny shack.

Cloud
OW!! Sure is tight in here...
Come on, Cloud, don't let it get to you. Let's see... this is it.
Maybe if I turn this...
...something should happen.
- Do it
- Leave it

Cloud turns the switch, and the others run across the bridge to go on ahead. Climbing up from near the shack, the party finds a bird's nest full of Phoenix Down.

    Barret
    Haaeyy!

    Aeris
    How cute!!

    Tifa
    Yes!! ...how cute.

    Yuffie
    Yeow! What a rock!!

    Red XIII
    huff... huff...

Cloud
What should we do?
- Take the damn treasure
- Leave it where it is

Take the damn treasure

Times are tough... I'm taking the treasure.

    Barret
    Haeey!! Baaeby!!

    Aeris
    Cloud......

    Tifa
    Oh! Cloud! Your hair looks like a Chocobo!

    Red XIII
    Glu... glug...!

    Yuffie
    Come to mommy!!

Cloud and the others fight the mother Cokatolis.

Received 10 "Phoenix Down"!

Leave it where it is

...it's got nothing to do with us. Just forget about it.

    Barret
    Haeey!! Baaeby!!

    Aeris
    Cloud......

    Tifa
    Right! That was admirable of you.

    Red XIII
    Glu... glug...!

    Yuffie
    You kiddin'?

They return to cross the bridge and move on. Inside a cave, there's a man lying in his bulldozer.

Man
Hey! How'd you ever wind up around here?
Look, I'm sorry but, I can't do a thing for you!
Oh boy!! Corel sure has gone to pot. It used to be a famous coal mining town!
They say there were more jobs than you could shake a...
Well, you get the picture!
Now, it's nothing but a miserable pit! Me, my bulldozer... everything's out of work.
Got no job... I can't even show my face. 'Bout all that's left for me is to just live in this hole all day.

The train tracks eventually dead-end into the camp of North Corel.

If Barret is in the party...

Man
You, you're...
Hey!! He's back!

He runs off.

Barret
Wait here...

Barret walks over to where a trio of men have gathered. One of them punches him.

Men
Well, lookey here! Never thought I'd ever see your face again.
Those people over there, they with you?
Well, I feel sorry for 'em! Hangin' around a walkin' death sentence like Barret.

If Barret is not in the party...

Cloud and the others find him already accosted by the three men. One of them punches him.

Men
Well, lookey here! Never thought I'd ever see your face again.
They kick you out of another town or somethin'?
You destroy everything you touch.

Men
You got a lot of balls comin' back here!
Look at this place! It's all your fault North Corel turned into a garbage heap!
Why doncha say something!?
Or did ya forget what you done here already?

Barret
...I'm sorry...

Man
^%$#! You ain't even worth the effort.
Don't waste your time talkin' to that Techno-freak!

The three men nod and disperse. Barret walks back to the others.

Barret
You heard 'em... It's my fault this town was... destroyed...

They let it be and continue through the town.

Big Man
YOU know who's responsible for North Corel winding up like this!

Man
Get out of the way!!
The only way we can make ends meet around here now is by collecting junk!

Inside a tent...

Old Man
The next train's coming in soon.

Black Woman
Grandpa used to be a Coal Train engineer.
He still can't kick his old habits from then.

Inside another tent...

Man
I want to leave this garbage dump of a town behind me, and start a new life.
If I had a buggy, I'd cross the southern desert, and go to that town across the river...

Woman
Everyone knows that accident couldn't have been avoided.
But no one will be satisfied until someone takes the blame.

Kid
There was something glowing in that well over there.
If I can get my hands on it, I'm gonna sell it and go to the Gold Saucer!

Tool Shopkeeper
Please buy something! Anything will do!

General Store Shopkeeper
What do you want?

Cloud
- Buy
- Listen to your story
- Not interested

General Store Shopkeeper (when asked for a story)
Take that road on the left to the Ropeway station!
The Ropeway'll take you to the Gold Saucer.
It don't mean much to us poor folks though...

Weapon Shopkeeper
If you want to survive, then you're gonna need some of my weapons.

In the house made of scrap...

Man
How am I supposed to continue living in a town that's lost everything...?
To hell with the Mako reactor!

Woman
Because of them...... ugh. My husband got into that accident... He used to be such a strong man...

Little Girl
Yaaay!! What do you wanna play?

Back outside...

Man in Hardhat
I hear it's a big fad now in the city to get tattoos. Is that right?

Cloud
- I wouldn't know
- That's right

I wouldn't know

Man in Hardhat
Really...? I saw a big '1' on the arm of a young guy heading towards the Ropeway. That Black Cape he had on was really cool.

That's right

Man in Hardhat
I guess I should get a '0' tattoo! For a poor man like me, '0' oughtta be perfect.

Cloud the others continue to the ropeway station.

Aeris
Barret, what happened?

Barret
Sorry.

Cloud
What happened?

Barret
My hometown used to be around here.

Red XIII
What do you mean 'used to'?

Barret
It ain't here no more. Heard it got buried... in just 4 years.

Aeris
But how could those people say those terrible things?

Barret
An' it's my fault. ALL my fault.

Flashback to the town of Corel. A Shinra soldier stands guard outside the Mayor's house as townspeople hurry inside.

Barret (narrating)
...My hometown, Corel's always been a coal mining town.
It's so dusty, but calm and so poor...... a real small town, this one.
That's the first time I ever heard the word "Mako Reactor" mentioned since that time...

Inside the house, a group of men are gathered. Scarlet and two Shinra employees stand before them.

Village Headman
What are we going to do? The only one against this is Dyne...

Dyne stands up.

Dyne
I am definitely against it, no matter what. There's nothing to talk about if you're thinking of throwing away our coal!
Our coal's been protected for generations. Our fathers, and theirs before them, risked their lives for it.
We have no right to throw it all away so easily!

Barret
But listen, Dyne. No one uses coal nowadays. It's the sign of the times.

Scarlet
Right, everything is Mako, now.
It'll be all right, Dyne. Shinra, Inc. will guarantee your livelihood once the Mako Reactor is completed.

Barret
Listen, Dyne. I don't want my wife, Myrna, to suffer anymore.

Dyne
I know how you feel! I feel the same way too, damn it!
But even so, I won't give away our coal mines!

Village Headman
Dyne... you've got to understand.

Barret (narrating)
That's how the Corel Reactor was built..... and completed.
We all thought it would bring us an easier life.

The scene changes to show Corel in flames.

Barret (narrating)
It happened when Dyne and I were out of town for a few days.
Corel was burned down by the Shinra troops.
All the townspeople... All my relatives...... Everyone... everything......

Cloud
Shinra troops? What for!?

Barret
There was an explosion at a reactor.
Shinra blamed the accident on the people. Said it was done by a rebel faction.

Tifa
That's so terrible!

Barret
Well, I guess that's true. But more than Shinra, I couldn't forgive myself.
Never should've gone along with the building of the reactor...

Tifa
Don't blame yourself. We were all fooled by the promises Shinra made back then.

Barret
That's why... that's why I get so pissed off!!
Not only did they take advantage of me...... But I lost my wife, Myrna, too...

Station Man
Hey everyone! If you want to go to the 'Gold Saucer', hurry and get on!
Ride the Ropeway?

Cloud
- Go on
- Don't go on

Go on

Cloud
Let's get on.

He gets on the ropeway.

Barret
Dyne was my best friend. We was close ever since we was kids...

He follows Cloud.

Tifa
I never knew. Barret never said a thing...

Aeris
.........

Red XIII
.........

Yuffie
I'm not sympathizing with Barret! He never should have trusted Shinra, Inc. ...

She gets on, and the others watch her.

Tifa
.........
We better go on!

She, Aeris, and Red XIII get on, and the ropeway leaves the station.

Don't go on

Barret
Dyne was my best friend. We was close ever since we was kids...

Yuffie
I'm waiting inside.

She gets on the ropeway.

Tifa
I never knew. Barret never said a thing...

Aeris
Everything Shinra does seem to make everyone miserable...

Red XIII
.........

Barret
It's all my fault...

Station Man
The Ropeway takes you to the 'Gold Saucer'. It's free, so don't worry about it.

They eventually get on the ropeway and it leaves the station.

< Costa del Sol | Corel | Gold Saucer >

Back to Script


    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Gold Saucer - Meeting Cait Sith
Arrival at Gold Saucer
Exploring Gold Saucer
Meeting Cait Sith
Battle Square

Cloud and the others take the Ropeway from North Corel up to Gold Saucer.

Chocobo Mascot
Welcome to the Gold Saucer.

If Cloud attempts to enter without paying, he's stopped by the admissions lady.

Admissions Lady
Please buy your ticket here.

Admissions Lady
Welcome to the Gold Saucer.
Are you together? A single pass is 3000 gil, or you can purchase a lifetime pass for 30000 gil.

Cloud
- Pay 3000 gil
- Pay 30000 gil
- Don't pay

Pay 3000 gil

Admissions Lady
Thank you very much.
If you leave Gold Saucer, your tickets become invalid.

Pay 30000 gil

Admissions Lady
Thank you very much.
If you have a Gold Ticket, you can come and go freely into the park... as long as you don't lose it.

Admissions Lady
Here at the Gold Saucer, there are many places where you must pay with GP.
Just think of 'GP' as money that you can only use at the Gold Saucer.
GP can only be redeemed at the games in Wonder Square and at the Chocobo Races.
Your GP limit is 10000, so please be careful.
Please enjoy yourselves.

Moving on through the entrance, they find themselves in the central hub of Gold Saucer, called the Station.

Aeris
Wow! Let's have fun!
I know this isn't the right time to do this.
Hey, Barret, cheer up!

Barret
......I ain't in no cheery mood. So jes' leave me alone.

Aeris
Really? That's too bad.

She runs over to Cloud and grabs his arm.

Let's go!

Tifa
....whisper... whisper... (Wasn't that a little harsh, Aeris!?)

Aeris
...whisper... whisper... (Just act normal when this happens)

Tifa
...whisper... (You think so...?)

Aeris
Of course!

She runs back over to Barret.

We're gonna go play...

Barret
So PLAY! ...messin' round #@^%$!
Don't forget we're after Sephiroth!

He runs over and jumps down the tube leading to Wonder Square.

Aeris
...I think he's mad.

Tifa
He'll be fine. He seems to be doing a little better now.

Aeris
I wish we could just forget everything and have fun!

Tifa
We'd better be careful, Sephiroth might be around.

Red XIII
......You want to go with me?

Yuffie
With me!?

If Cloud tries to leave the Station alone, one of them will run up to him...

    Aeris
    Cloud!
    Don't go alone, go with me!

    Tifa
    Cloud!
    I'll go with you.

    Red XIII
    Cloud!
    Don't go by yourself...

    Yuffie
    Cloud!
    Let's go together, Cloud!

Info Board inside the Station
Welcome to Gold Saucer!
Many attractions await you here at Gold Saucer.
You will be moved and excited, thrilled and terrified! Led from one zone to another...
unlike anything you've ever experienced! Make your memories... today.
Shinra
"Now in: Gold Gate" Let's access all of the Attractions!
"Event Square" An entertaining show is awaiting you.
"Chocobo Square" Chocobo Racing takes you into the world of Virtual Reality! Wark! Wark!
"Ghost Square" Please come and stay at the hotel..... Ha ha ha...
"Battle Square" Go to the limits in heated battles! Try your hand at the special Gold Attack!!
"Round Square" Take a tour of the Park and see the beautiful night scenery of Gold Saucer...
"Speed Square" A Shooting Roller Coaster is waiting to take you into the world of excitement.
"Wonder Square" A number of Games await you here. Collect GP at Wonder Square and play some more!

Cloud chooses one member of the group to accompany him, and they set off to explore Gold Saucer. At Chocobo Square... A bunch of Shinra soldiers are gathered on the steps.

    Aeris
    What happened?

    Tifa
    What?

    Red XIII
    What happened?

    Yuffie
    What is it?

Cloud
Sh...!
Shinra soldiers... Even here...

Soldier
Attention! Dismissed!!

The soldiers disperse to different areas of the Gold Saucer, and after a moment Cloud heads up the stairs.

Lady at Entrance
Welcome to Chocobo Racing.

Man Betting
I... I lost...

Or, sometimes:

Yeahh! This is why I can't seem to quit.

Man
You can only buy up to 3 tickets. Think before you buy. For example, you could select half of the Chocobos and buy 3 boxes.

Cloud
- Boxes?
- Not interested

Man
A box is buying 3 combinations of 2 chocobos.
For example, if you select Chocobo 1, 3, and 5, you can purchase combinations, such as 1-3, 1-5, 3-5.
You can also play the limited wheel by selecting a Chocobo.

Cloud
- Limited wheel?
- Not interested

Man
Playing a 'Limited wheel' means you select a Chocobo and use it in all of your combinations.
For example, if you have Chocobo 1, then you buy 1-2, 1-3, 1-4.
No matter how you make your bet, you win some and you lose some. It all comes down to insight and luck.

Security (near Jockey Lounge)
I'm sorry, but this is for authorized personnel only.

Blond Man
We usually buy tickets for the B rank and C rank races, right?

Cloud
- Rank?
- Not interested

Blond Man
In other words, 'rank' means the Chocobo's 'strength'. A is highest and C's the lowest.
When you become a Free Chocobo jockey, you'll be able to buy A rank tickets.
Of course, the higher the rank, the better your item ticket. Hey, maybe I'll become a Chocobo jockey!?

Cloud
- How DO you become one?
- Not interested

Blond Man
You can become one if you own a Chocobo... and have some connections. But Chocobo's are pretty hard to catch and I don't have any connections.

Woman
Hey, what's that Chocobo on the odds sheet?

Redhead
That's how you can find out a Chocobo's condition and strengths.

Woman
Hmm, If you can tell which ones are the strongest, then it's easy...

Redhead
Well, not as easy as you think. It's not just a matter of the Chocobo's strength,
but it also depends on the jockey and the Chocobo's personality.
If these are bad, they may use too much stamina, and affect other things.

Lady at the Ticket Desk
Welcome. Would you like to buy some Chocobo tickets?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Ask how to buy
- Explain it to me
- Not interested

Yeah

Lady at the Ticket Desk
Registration fees are 200 gil. Is that all right?

Cloud
- Yeahhh!
- No way!

Lady at the Ticket Desk
Which rank would you like to select?

Cloud
- C (1BET 1 0 0 gil)
- B (1BET 2 0 0 gil)
- Quit

Ask how to buy

Lady at the Ticket Desk
You are allowed a maximum of 3 bets on your Chocobo ticket.

Explain it to me

Lady at the Ticket Desk
This Chocobo Race has Virtual devices on the course.
They show natural scenery during the race that really doesn't exist.
You pick which Chocobo will finish first and second here,
And then buy the appropriate tickets.
And if the ticket you purchased is a winner, you'll receive a ticket for an item that will be listed on the panel.
You can exchange your tickets for items or GP at the Exchange counter to the right of the entrance.

Not interested

Nothing happens.

At Battle Square, there is a staff woman standing in front of the stairs.

Woman
I'm sorry, we're currently renovating. Please come again.

At Ghost Square, a zombie greets Cloud as he enters the hotel.

Zombie
Welcome. Thank you for coming to the Ghost Hotel.
Uuuuuuuuuuugh......
For reservations, please step up to the counter.
Uuuuuuuuuuugh......

Cloud steps up to the counter, and a man in a noose drops down with a scream.

Receptionist
It's our most popular employee, Mr. Hangman.

Mr. Hangman
Welcome!
It's 5 GP a night. Would you like to stay?

Cloud
- Yeah, all right
- No thanks

Flyer
[Turtle's Paradise]
No. 3
Forget the bad times with a nice drink...
Only thing missing in Gold Saucer is......
A pub with good drinks and a great atmosphere!
Stop in the "Turtle's Paradise"!

If Cloud attempts to go upstairs without paying...

Mr. Hangman
Sir... Please register at the counter!!

At Round Square...

Woman at Ticket Booth
Welcome. This attraction is 3 GP.
Shall you be riding this evening?

Cloud
- Yes, I shall
- No, I shan't

Yes, I shall

Woman at Ticket Booth
Would this be your first time riding with us?

Cloud
- Yes, it would
- No, it would not

Yes, it would

Woman at Ticket Booth
You will be able to see all the different areas of Gold Saucer on this ride.
So please just sit back and enjoy a lovely view you won't see anywhere else.
This attraction can only ccommodate 2 passengers, so one of you please wait over there.

No, it would not

Woman at Ticket Booth
This attraction can only ccommodate 2 passengers, so one of you please wait over there.

Cloud
Who should I ride with...

Cloud selects a companion.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Enjoy the sights of Gold Saucer.

Cloud and his companion ride the gondola.

    Aeris
    Wow, how nice.
    Oh! Look, Cloud.
    It's so pretty.
    Cloud!
    Wow!

    Tifa
    Oh, how pretty.
    Look, Cloud.
    Oh, Cloud.
    Look, look.
    Look, there.

    Yuffie
    Wow!
    Geez!!
    Cloud!
    Oh my gawd!
    Geez!

If Cloud does not have enough GP to pay.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Um, I'm very sorry, but you do not have enough GP.

At Speed Square, a muscular man addresses Cloud when he arrives.

Man
Hey boy.

Cloud
Boy...

Man
How is it? You having fun?
Mmm, so, you ARE having fun. Well, good, good for you boy.

Cloud
My name's Cloud. And stop calling me boy.

Dio
Mmm? Me? I'm the owner of the Gold Saucer. The name's Dio.
Just call me 'Dio'.

Cloud
...... (Not even listening)

Dio
By the way, boy, do you know what a 'Black Materia' is?

Cloud
- I know what it is
- What is it?

I know what it is

Dio
Oh, so you do know.

What is it?

Dio
Ha ha ha...... that, I say, that's a good one, boy! But it's not good to lie. You can't fool me.

Cloud
Why d'you ask me?

Dio
Well, a while back, a boy your age came in and asked me if I had a 'Black Materia.'
I thought you might know who he was, seein' as how you're both about the same age.

Cloud
Did he happen to have... a Black Cape...

Dio
Why yes, yes indeed. And a tattoo on his hand that said '1'.

Cloud
Where did he go!?

Dio
Ha ha ha, I have no idea.
Well then.
I say, stop by the Battle Arena if you like, boy.
You'll probably like it. Many of my collections are on display there.
Ha, ha ha.

He leaves.

Person
We have to be careful of these steps.
What...? A lot of things...

Redhead
First, I gotta memorize the order it comes out, and then guess on the attacks...... mumble, mumble......

Onward to the roller coaster. If Cloud tries to get on without buying a ticket...

Ticket Person
This way, Sir, to register.

Ticket Person
Is this your first time? First, listen to the explanation of the game over there.

Lady
Hear the rules for this attraction?

Cloud
- Yes
- Not interested

Lady
This attraction, Shooting Coaster is
While your ride's going ZOOM, you're going BANG BANG, and things are going PHEW PHEW and you destroy them with a big BOOM. Pretty simple, isn't it?
Oh, to shoot, hit the O Button. And, the Bar that's shown on the left side of the screen is the Power Meter.
When it's full, it'll go BROOOOOM and when it's empty, it'll only go BRM and become weak. So be careful.
Also, if you're in the Top 3 you'll get on the Wall of Fame.

Ticket Person
This attraction costs 10 GP.

Cloud
- Pay
- Changed my mind

If Cloud does not have enough GP to pay.

Ticket Person
......... You don't have enough GP

Otherwise

Ticket Person
Thank you.

Cloud and the others ride the coaster.

Wall of Fame Staffer
Your score is x points.

If Cloud scored 3000-4999 points...

As a price, Received "Super Sweeper/Masamune Blade/1/35 soldier"!!

If Cloud scored 5000+ points...

As a price, Received "Umbrella"!!

Sometimes after coming off the roller coaster, Cloud will walk to the side and hang his head.

Cloud
Ugh...

Wall of Fame Staffer
Would you like to see the Wall of Fame?

Cloud
- Yes
- Not interested

Cloud's current 3 high scores are displayed.

Wall of Fame Staffer
You'll receive a prize if you get more than 3000 Points. So good luck.

Stepping back into the hallway, Cloud may encounter a couple standing there.

Man
Hey, I finally got 5000 points.

Woman
Wow!! You're so wonderful!!

Man
Man, I finally got a prize...

The next time Cloud sees the couple...

Man
Hey, I got 5000 points again.

Woman
Wow!! You're so wonderful!!

Man
Well, I guess I'll go and get some more GP.

Sometimes a pair of children will appear running towards the coaster.

Little Girl
Eyyaaaaaa!

Little Boy
Yaaay----!!

Man
Come on now, no running.

At Event Square, the stands are empty except for some staff members and two couples sitting around.

Security
Sorry but there's no show now.

Staffer
We put on a really unusual show here. It's not on today, but come back again sometime and see it.

Couple
What's your problem? Can't you see we wanna be alone?

Couple 2
Geez, you're a real bummer. Why don't you just leave us alone?

At Wonder Square, Cloud and his companion are approached by a black cat toy riding a giant stuffed moogle.

Cait Sith
Hey you!! What're you lookin' so down for!?
How 'bout it? Want me to read your fortune!? A bright future! A happy future!
Oh, but don't hold it against me if it's not a great prediction!
Oh, so sorry! I'm a fortune telling machine. The name's...
Cait Sith.

Cloud
You can only read the future?

Cait Sith
You kidding!? I can find missing things, missing people, anything!

Cloud
Then can you tell me where a man named Sephiroth is?

Cait Sith
Sephiroth, right!?
Okay, here goes!!

He shakes about on his moogle, and it then hands Cloud a fortune.

Cloud
...Ordinary luck. It will be an active fortune.
Give into the good will of others, and something big'll happen after summer. ...wait... what's this?

Cait Sith
Huh? Let me try again.

Cloud
Be careful of forgetfulness. Your lucky color is... blue?
...Forget it.

Cait Sith
Wait, wait give me another chance!
Wait! Let me try it again!

Cloud
...What the!?

    Aeris
    What?

    Tifa
    What does it say?

    Red XIII
    Read it out loud, Cloud.

    Yuffie
    What is it! Tell us!

Cloud
What you pursue will be yours. But you will lose something dear.

Cait Sith
I don't know if it's good OR bad...
This's the first time I ever got something like THIS.
Then shall we?

    Aeris
    What are you talking about?

    Tifa
    Excuse me?

    Red XIII
    To where?

    Yuffie
    Huh?

Cait Sith
As a fortune teller, I can't help but think about this.
If I don't see what it leads to, I won't be able to relax. That's why I'm going with you!

    Aeris
    What are we going to do, Cloud?

    Tifa
    Is it all right, Cloud?

    Red XIII
    Cloud, it's all right with you?

    Yuffie
    He's weird! Cloud, don't let him come!

Cait Sith
I'm comin' with you no matter WHAT you say!

Cloud
H... hey!

Man in Overalls
They probably told you at the entrance, but most of the attractions at Gold Saucer only take 'GP'.
They don't sell GP. You can only get 'em from the Wonder Square games or at the Chocobo Races.

Chocobo Mascots
Let's get lotsa GP at Wonder Square and have some fun!

People Playing Wonder Catcher
All...... most......
Crap!
no cigar...
You sure do need a lot of money here.
Please...... don't...... talk to me...... right now.
I get so caught up in these......
Back there...

Guy on Motorcycle Game
Hyuuuuu, BAM, BAM, BAM...
Oh man, I just gotta shout.

Guy on Snowboard Game
Nope, I'm not quitting until I clear this!
I'm gonna be the wind again today!

Guy Near Submarine Game
Whew, I'm tired. Oh this? It seems to be out of order.

Guy Near Mog Game
...... Don't worry 'bout me. Go ahead and play.

Cloud plays Mog House.

Narration
This is Mog's house. It's in Mog Forest on Mt. Mog.
The beginning of another day in the life of a Mog.
This year, Mog is pipapopupo years old. ...that's 28 in human years. He's at that age when he should be looking for a mate.
But before Mog can become an adult, he first needs to learn how to fly.
Even though Mog trains hard everyday... He still can't seem to get off the ground...

Mog tries to fly and falls on his face.

Narration
Looks like he's still got a long way to go...
Here's where you come in. Help Mog learn how to fly by pushing O button and feeding him his favorite Kupo nut.
But don't overfeed him. He won't be able to fly if he's too fat.

Cloud feeds Mog Kupo nuts, and he hops up again.

Narration
Oh? It seems like Mog's decided to take another shot at it.

If Cloud fed him the wrong number of nuts...

He falls flat on his face again.

Narration
Poor Mog. It looks like he'll have to wait some time for a mate.
Poor Mog, seems like he'll be alone for a while.

If Cloud fed him the right number of nuts...

Mog takes off and makes a few circuits around the screen.

Narration
He did it! He's flying! Now, he's finally become a full-fledged Mog.

Mog lands and returns to his house, taking a bow before going inside.

Narration
Tired but relaxed, our little Mog turns out the lights early and goes to bed. Good night, and sweet dreams......

A pink moogle appears.

Narration
Oh?... What's this? Here comes a female Mog!

She approaches Mog's house and knocks. Mog comes out and chirps.

Narration
Seems he likes her too...
Now, will Mog be able to fly gracefully in front of her? Help him out with a few kupo nuts.

Cloud feeds Mog Kupo nuts, and he hops up again.

Narration
Oh? It seems like Mog's decided to take another shot at it.

If Cloud fed Mog the wrong number of nuts...

He falls on his face again.

Narration
Unfortunately, he didn't make it. Poor Mog'll have to wait some time for a bride.
Poor Mog, seems like he'll be alone for a while.

If Cloud fed him the right number of nuts...

Mog takes off and makes a few circuits around the screen.

Narration
He's flying!! Mog was able to do it!
She must have fallen for his graceful flying form.

The screen goes dark.

Sometime later...

Mog steps out of his house.

Narration
Looks like things are going good with his new Mog-friend. Time for a quiet date in the forest.
Her name is Mag. She is a good-natured Mog.

Mog and Mag leave the house and walk off screen.

Narration
Best of luck to the both of you, Mog and Mag. May you have lots and lots of healthy Mogs!

No fewer than 12 baby moogles exit the house. The last one trips and falls on his face. One of the others comes back for him and they run off.

Narration
Uh...no worries there, I guess...

~FIN~

The game ends.

Guy Near Mog Game
Hmm... I'm impressed... Thanks for showing me it.
Here, take this.

Received 30 GP!!

Fortune Telling Machine
1 fortune 50 gil

Cloud
- Try it
- Not interested

Fortune Telling Machine
Use caution in relationships

If Cloud tries to leave Gold Saucer via the Ropeway...

    Aeris
    Are you thinking of just us going back?

    Tifa
    Hey, Cloud, Are we going back without the others?

    Red XIII
    Are we leaving the others?

    Yuffie
    Cloud! Are we just going to leave the others?

Returning to Battle Square, Cloud and the others arrive to find a Shinra soldier standing in front of the stairs.

Cloud
!!

The soldier collapses, and Cloud goes over to investigate.

Cloud
Mm!?
Dead......

    Aeris
    What!? Why?

    Tifa
    What!?

    Red XIII
    What the...

    Yuffie
    Wh... why?

Cloud runs off up the stairs.

    Aeris
    Cloud!? Where are you going?

    Tifa
    Wa... wait Cloud!

    Red XIII
    Hey, Cloud!

    Yuffie
    Don't, don't just leave me!

The others follow him up to the battle arena, where four more soldiers lie dead, and the staff members are slumped at their counters.

Cloud
Did Sephiroth do this!?
No... it's not him... They're all shot... Sephiroth would never use a gun...

One of the Gold Saucer staffers stirs.

Woman
Ugh, ugggh.

Cloud and the others run over to her.

Cloud
Hey, what happened!

Woman
Ugh... ugh... a man with a gun... on his arm......

    Aeris
    It can't be!?

    Tifa
    A gun on his arm!?

    Red XIII
    ...did he!?

    Yuffie
    Wow, that's somethin!!

Security
Hold it right there! And stay quiet!!

Dio enters with two security guards.

Dio
Did you guys do this!?

Cloud
N... no, it wasn't us!

Dio (if you spoke earlier)
I must've been wrong...

Cait Sith
Hurry and run, it's gonna get ugly.

He runs for the arena.

Cloud
He...... hey!

Dio
Hold them!

Cloud follows Cait Sith into the arena.

Dio
That's as far as you go.

Cloud
Wait, listen to...

Cait Sith
Cloud...

Robots approach them from three sides, and Dio blocks the way back out... The scene changes to where Cloud is being held by one of the robots. Before him is a hatch labeled "Gateway to heaven."

Dio
One more to go.

Security
Yes

Cloud
Hey! Pay attention!!

Dio
There's no need to listen. Pay for your crime down below!!
Do it!

Security
Yes

The hatch opens, and the robot jumps in, carrying Cloud with it.

< Corel | Gold Saucer | Corel Prison >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Corel Prison - Confronting Dyne
Arrival in Corel Prison
The Rest of Barret's Story
Barret Confronts Dyne
Going Up

Cloud lands in the prison town below Gold Saucer.

    Aeris
    You all right?

    Tifa
    Cloud, you all right?

    Red XIII
    Are you all right?

    Yuffie
    Hey, you okay?

Cloud
Where are we?

Cait Sith
A desert prison... Corel Prison...

Cloud
A desert prison?

Cait Sith
Yup, a natural prison in the middle of the desert... surrounded entirely by quicksand.
I heard that once you get in, you never get out...
But, there was one special exception...

The third party member turns around suddenly to notice Barret a ways off.

    Aeris
    Hey!! Barret!!

    Tifa
    Barret!?

    Red XIII
    Mmm!? Isn't that Barret?

    Yuffie
    Hey? Isn't that guy, Barret?

They all run over to Barret. Near him is a corpse.

Cloud
Barret...
Did he really......

Barret
Stay back! This's something I gotta deal with.
Jes' leave me alone...

He runs off.

Cait Sith
Whew! That's one of your friends? He sure looks dangerous...

    Aeris
    Cloud, what should we do? Barret's not his normal self.

    Tifa
    ...Barret......

    Red XIII
    Barret...

    Yuffie
    Hey, Cloud! Just leave him alone.
    I mean, he told us to, didn't he? Then that's that, right?

Cloud kneels down by the corpse.

Cloud
This one's been shot too...

Man Near Gate
Wo-ho! Welcome to Corel Prison.
Hold---it. If you wanna pass, Then you're gonna need the boss's permission.

If Cloud tries to run out into the desert...

Cloud
We should find Barret before we go out into the desert.

Cloud and the others follow Barret. A man starts following them.

Man Following
Ha ha ha

Man
I'll tell you one thing, rookie. This desert is extremely dangerous.
It'll welcome you in, but when you try to leave it, it'll swallow ya.
I hear tell, some of them never make it out... the best thing is to stay out of the desert entirely.

Black Man
Those guys only tell lies. Only lies. Not a one of 'em will tell you the truth.
Just talk with 'em a couple of times, and you'll get sick of them.

Three Liars
This place is heaven.
This place is heaven.
This place is heaven.
Man with a gun on his arm?
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him.
You wanna see the Boss?
Go Southwest and you'll meet him.
You'll meet him.
You'll meet him.
Once out in the desert, stay still and don't walk.
Don't walk
Don't walk
There's no way you'll ever see a mysterious Chocobo carriage. No way.
No way.
No way.

Man 2
This elevator will take you to the top...
But, you gotta be picked as a Chocobo Racer, first.

Big Man
Want to enter the Chocobo Race?

Cloud
- Not interested
- Yeah, I want to enter

Not interested

Big Man
You thinkin' of livin' here forever? Then live a long life!

Yeah, I want to enter

Big Man
Then go get permission with the boss of this place.

Cloud
Who's the boss?

Big Man
You don't even know that? Oh man.

Guards Outside Trailer
You new? Then go and pay your respects to Mr. Coates.

Inside the trailer...

Mr. Coates
Never seen your face 'round here before. Goin' up?

Cloud
- Not interested
- Yeah, up

Not interested

Mr. Coates
Heh heh! You sure got guts!

Yeah, up

Mr. Coates
You don't seem to understand how things work down here.
This is the Gold Saucer's garbage dump. And that makes alluv ya scrubs.
The only way to get back up there is to win the Chocobo Race.
But, it's not as easy as you rookies think.
Of course, if you got the boss's permission it'd be a different story but, YOU'll never get that!
Ha ha ha ha.

At the prison pub...

Shopkeeper
A rookie? Then you gotta buy something. Yup, that's the rule here.

Finally, Cloud, Cait Sith, and the third party member enter the mayor's old house. Barret bursts in after them.

Barret
Didn't I tell you not to come here!?

He aims his gun arm in their direction.

Cait Sith
Ju...... just hold on for a second! We just want to talk! You'll understand if you just hear us out!

Barret fires, and a man behind the couch collapses.

Barret
Didn't want none of ya to get involved...

Cloud shrugs, and the others run in.

Aeris
Hey that's Cloud's line! '...It's too dangerous, I can't let you get involved...' blah, blah, blah...

Tifa
Yeah. We're already involved in this.

Aeris
We saw you and hurried here. Barret, just tell us what's going on.

Barret
You guys...

Red XIII
I heard that the murders at the Battle Arena were done by a man with a gun-arm. ...Was that you?

Barret shakes his head violently.

Barret
There's another... another man that got a gun grafted inta one of his arms. It was four years ago...

Flashback. Barret and Dyne are walking along the train tracks that lead to North Corel.

Barret (narrating)
I remember... I was on my way home from visiting a Mako Reactor being built.

Village Headman
Barret! Dyne! Come quick! The village's being attacked! It's Shinra soldiers!

Barret
What!!!?

Barret and Dyne turn to one another and nod. They run to an overlook where they can see the village burning.

Barret
What the hell happened?......

Dyne
Hey, Barret! It's not over yet!
Everyone's waiting! Let's go back to the village!

They start back towards the village.

Village Headman
Barret! Dyne! Protect the village...!

Shinra soldiers enter and shoot the village headman.

Barret
Hmp!! Old man!!

Barret and Dyne make a run for it, and the soldiers start shooting at them.

Dyne
C'mon, Barret! We gotta hurry!

Dyne runs ahead.

Barret
Krggh!!

Barret runs after him.

Dyne
Barret!! You stay here!!

Barret
Shu'up!!

Scarlet
Kyaa haa, ha!!
You can shoot all day and never hit them with aim like that.

Scarlet punches one of the soldiers off the bridge, and the others hold their hands up.

Scarlet
Haa, ha, ha!! Stop playing around and cover me!!

Dyne
Watch out!!

Dyne jumps in front of Barret, gets shot, and falls over the edge of the cliff. Barret catches his hand.

Barret
Dyne!! Hang on!!
Lissen to me!! You're comin' back to the village, hear!!?

Dyne
Yeah... I ain't lettin' go...

Barret
You're comin' back... Everyone's waitin' for ya...
Eleanor... and Marlene... They all waitin' on us...

The spray of bullets crosses their joined hands, and Barret loses his grip. Dyne falls into the ravine.

Barret
From then on, I couldn't use my right arm no more.
...I was depressed for a while.
But then I threw away my artificial arm and got this gun grafted in.
Got a new right arm to get revenge on the Shinra, who took everything away...
Back then, I heard the doc say there was another man who got the same operation as me.
But, his was the left arm.

Cloud
......

Aeris
But... Dyne's injury was the same as yours, right?

Tifa
Yeah, that's right. He was deceived by the Shinra too.
He'll probably join us to fight against the Shinra.

Barret
...wouldn't bet on it. I gotta 'pologize to Dyne before I can rest in peace.
An' that's why, I gotta go alone.

Cloud
Do whatever you want... Is that what you want to hear?
Well, I can't let you do it. Because, if you die on me, I'm gonna have nightmares.

Aeris
Barret, this isn't the end.

Tifa
Weren't you going to save the Planet?

Barret
Shit! Tifa, you oughtta know by now.

Tifa
...That's all right. I'm not so different from you.

Aeris
That's easier to understand. It's you, Barret.

Cloud
So there it is, Barret. So I guess it'll be Barret, me, and......

Aeris
I wonder if Dyne will join us?

Tifa
Be careful.

Red XIII
Hmm? Shall I go with you?

Yuffie
You sure are all acting pretty heroic, considerin' we're not makin' any money on this...

Cait Sith
Fortune's good. Everything is perfect!

Cloud and the others go back to the north gate to find the man there dead.

Cloud
This one's been shot too...

They head out into the desert.

Man
Man, the Boss was REALLY in a bad mood today... Or was it one of his better days?
If you get lost in the desert, just keep going Northeast. If you're lucky, you'll make it back here.

If Cloud gets himself lost in the desert, eventually a mysterious chocobo carriage will appear.

Carriage Driver
Wanna ride...?

Cloud
- Get on
- Don't get on

Going northeast, they come across a junkyard, and beyond it they find the ruins of a house and two crude grave markers on the edge of a ravine. Dyne is slumped there. Barret steps forward, gesturing for the others to stay back.

Barret
...Dyne ...Is that you?

Dyne
Now that's a voice I haven't heard in years...
A voice I'll never forget...

He limps forward.

Barret
I always hoped I'd be able to see you again someday...
I knew you were alive somewhere... we had the same operation.
Listen to me Dyne. I want to...

He starts forward, but Dyne fires at his feet, and Barret stops.

Dyne
What's that? ......I hear her voice.

Barret
......?

Dyne
I hear her voice, Eleanor's voice. Begging me... not to hate your rotten guts.
That's why I didn't hunt you down...

Barret
...I know I was stupid. I'm not asking you to forgive me.
But... What're you doin' in a place like this?
Why ya wanna kill those that ain't even involved? Why?

Dyne
...Why!? The hell do you care for!?
Are the people killed going to understand 'why'? Are the people of Corel going to understand just hearing Shinra's excuses?
I don't CARE what the reason is!
All they give us are artillery and stupid excuses... What's left is a world of despair and emptiness...

Barret
......

Dyne
You still want to hear 'why'? ...All right, I'll tell you.
'Cause I want to destroy everything.

He punctuates his next statements with gunshots.

The people of this city.
This city itself.
The whole world!

He turns away.

I got nothing left in this world. Corel, Eleanor...... Marlene......

Barret
Dyne, Marlene...... Marlene's still alive.

Dyne
......?

Barret
I went back into town. I thought she was gone for sure.
That is why I wanted to be by her side till the end.
That's when I found her...... found Marlene.

Dyne
...

Barret
She's in Midgar. Let's go see her together, all right?

Dyne
So...... she's still alive...
All right, Barret. I guess that means you and I gotta fight.

Barret
What!?

Dyne
Eleanor's alone all by herself. I've got to take Marlene to her.

Barret
Dyne... are you insane!?

Dyne
Marlene wants to see her Mom, don't she?

He starts firing at Barret.

Barret
Stop, Dyne! I can't die yet!

Dyne
Oh yeah? Well my life's been over ever since then.

Barret
Stop it! I don't wanna fight you!

Cloud
Barret!

Barret
Cloud, you stay the hell out of it! This is MY problem!!

Barret fights and defeats Dyne, who falls to his knees.

Dyne
Urgh!

He starts to get back up.

Back!!

He limps away to lean against a wall.

...it wasn't just my arm...... back then......
I lost something irreplaceable. I don't know where I went wrong...

Barret
Dyne... I don't know either, man.
Is this the only way... we can resolve this?

Dyne
I told you... I... I want to destroy everything...
Everything... This crazy world... Even me...

Barret
An' what 'bout Marlene? What's gonna happen to her!?

Dyne
...Think about it... Barret... How old was Marlene back then...?
Even if I did go to her now... she wouldn't even know me...
And what's more... Barret...
These hands are a little too stained to carry Marlene anymore...

Barret
......

Dyne
Barret...

He pulls a necklace off and tosses it to Barret.

Give that pendant to Marlene... It was... Eleanor's... my wife's... memento...

Barret
All right...

Dyne
...wow... Marlene's... already...... 4......

He limps to the edge of the ravine.

Barret... Don't...... make... ......Don't ever make Marlene...... cry...

Barret
Dyne...?
Dyne!

Dyne lets himself fall backwards over the edge as Barret runs towards him.

Barret
Dy------ne!!

He falls to his knees.

...Dyne. Me an' you were the same...
My hands ain't any cleaner...... I shouldn't be able to carry... Marlene either...
Uuuurrrrrrgh!!!

Back at the trailer...

Mr. Coates
You want somethin'?

Barret
I want to go up.

Mr. Coates
Like I told you before, you gotta get the Boss' permission, then win the Chocobo......

Barret
Dyne's got his reasons an' can't speak.

He pulls out the necklace.

So, I got this, instead.

Mr. Coates
Yeah, bull--!!

Barret
I want to go up.

Mr. Coates
R, right.
Did you kill Dyne?
You must've. Or you'd never be holding that thing.
...So Dyne's dead... Maybe now, the place'll calm down a little.
Dyne didn't care who anyone was......

Barret grabs Mr. Coates by the collar.

Barret
The hell do YOU know!!

Mr. Coates
R... ri...... right! I mean, no, I DON'T know anything. S, s... sorry.

Barret releases him.

Cloud
Then, will you get us outta here?

Mr. Coates
Huh? Oh man, you guys are mistaken.
I already told you, there's only one way to get outta here.
That's to win the Chocobo Race and that's held up there, in the Gold Saucer.
And, only one racer can go up at a time.

Barret
Say what!?

Mr. Coates
Noooo! Really, even if you threaten me!!
A rule's a rule. I can't change it.
If I do, the whole system down here'll get messed up!! An' I can't do that!
Okay, ok, I'll let one go up there. After that, he's gotta deal with Dio.

Barret
Awright then.
Cloud, you go.
We'll wait down here.
Hurry up an' win that Chocobo Race, an' get us outta here!

    Aeris
    Yes, good luck, Cloud.

    Tifa
    Right, Cloud. We'll be waiting and rooting for you.

    Red XIII
    You're right. Cloud should do it.

    Yuffie
    Well, Cloud go get 'em!

    Cait Sith
    Ok Cloud, knock 'em dead!

Cloud shrugs.

Mr. Coates
Have you decided?
All you need now is a manager.
...and register and get a Chocobo...

Ester
Hi...... I happened to hear your story.

Mr. Coates
Ester?

A girl walks in, wearing a pink dress and a chocobo feather in her hair.

Ester
I'll be your manager.

Mr. Coates
Well, I have nothing against it, but...
This is Ester. She may look kinda funny...
But there's no better manager in the races...

Ester
That's so rude...
Yeah, well. Nice to meet you, Cloud.

Mr. Coates
All right then, Cloud.
I'll send you up the elevator. Ester'll fill you in on the details.

On the elevator...

Ester
Hmm, so that's what happened. I'll talk to Dio directly. You just concentrate on the race.
Oh yeah, getting back to the other thing, there are many different types of Chocobo jockeys. It's not only for criminals.
Some people compete for the fame, some people compete for the money, some for glory... And then there're people like you.
Oh yeah, I'll teach you how to ride a Chocobo.

Cloud
- All right
- Not interested

Ester
Ummm... First use the [Select] button to choose either AUTO or MANUAL.
In other words, either you control the Chocobo or let it run on its own.
But it's pretty hard to make the Chocobo run the way you want it to. If the Chocobo doesn't like you, it won't listen.
You can't really help on this one.
But, most of the Chocobo's that I'll provide you with are mellow and you should be able to handle them.
When you're riding, use the [] Button to Speed Up and the X Button to Slow Down.
But, if you go faster than the Chocobo can handle, it'll lose its stamina really fast.
And use the Directional button to move the Chocobo left and right, use the O Button to get a boost of speed.
Of course your stamina runs out faster though.
There are some bad tempered Chocobos that can't pace themselves and they'll lose their stamina pretty fast.
For these kinds of Chocobos, you should set the controls on Manual and slow it down.
Finally, some advice for the restless, once the first and second Chocobo cross the goal line,
Push the [Start] button to end the race.

The elevator reaches the top, and Cloud steps out.

Man
You new?

Ester
Hi, Joe.

Joe
Hey, Ester you're looking pretty as usual.

Ester
Thanks.
Let me introduce you, Cloud.
This is Joe, one of the top Chocobo Jockeys.

Joe
Nice to meet you, Cloud.
If you're with Ester, then...

Ester
Right! He's an up and coming jockey.
He's only been down here for a day and already he made it up here!!

Joe
What!?
Oh, I see...
So what did you do down there?
Sorry... you're not supposed to ask about the past here...
Pretty interesting... I have a feeling that we'll meet again.
Then, until we meet again, Cloud.

He leaves the room.

Ester
I'm going to check on the Chocobo. You just wait here for a while.
I'll be right back.

Jockeys
......
I got nothing to say.
......
Don't get cocky. Skills don't matter once you get in the race...

The race will start in a few moments. Will the jockeys for the next race, please proceed to the paddock.
I repeat...

All the jockeys leave, but Cloud stays behind. Eventually Ester returns.

Ester
Cloud
Thanks for waiting. I registered you in the next race.
This is a Chocobo I prepared myself. He won't lose easily.
Oh yeah... You know how to ride one?

Cloud
- Uh, how was it again?
- Yeah, I got it

Ester
Then, good luck.

If Cloud loses the race...

Ester
Too bad.

If Cloud comes in 4th place or worse:

You had a tough situation there.

If Cloud comes in 3rd place:

I was expecting a little more from you.

If Cloud comes in 2nd place:

You were so close.

If it is Cloud's 1st or 2nd loss...

Ester
Let me find a better Chocobo for you. Wait here for a while, OK?

If Cloud has lost 3 times...

Ester
If you couldn't win with that last Chocobo...
All right, I'll go get the best Chocobo there is!

If Cloud has lost 4 or more times...

Ester
You gotta be kidding me!? There aren't any other Chocobos better than the last one!
Well, if you really want to win, just push the 'SELECT'
and try the 'AUTO' mode.

Eventually Cloud wins a race.

Ester
Congratulations!! Now you're home free!
Oh yeah, the owner told me to give this letter to you when you won.

Dio
Boy, if you're reading this letter, then you must've won. And won a victory that I am sure you earned.
I heard about Dyne from Ester. Now that you are victorious, I promise that you and all your friends will get a full pardon, and you all will be set free.
And also, by way of apology, I prepared a little gift for you to use on your journey.
Sorry I couldn't be there to tell you this in person, but I'm a very busy man.
Sincerely, Dio

Cloud
A gift?

His PHS rings, and he answers it.

Aeris
Cloud, isn't this great!? The assistant manager just stopped by and dropped off a 'buggy' for you!
Now you can go over 'deserts' and 'rivers' no problem.
OK, Cloud. I'll be waiting outside.

Cloud
(Hmm? The letter continues...)
P.S. I just recently met Sephiroth. He must have a lot of fans with boys your age.
Why don't you get his autograph? It seems he's headed toward the South of the river, towards Gongaga.
Sephiroth...

Ester
I guess this is goodbye.
Yeah. Well, if you ever get your own Race Chocobo, come back again.
I'll take care of your registration and everything. I'll see you again.

Cloud and the others leave via their new buggy, headed South towards Gongaga.

< Gold Saucer | Corel Prison | Gongaga >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Corel Prison - Confronting Dyne
Arrival in Corel Prison
The Rest of Barret's Story
Barret Confronts Dyne
Going Up

Cloud lands in the prison town below Gold Saucer.

    Aeris
    You all right?

    Tifa
    Cloud, you all right?

    Red XIII
    Are you all right?

    Yuffie
    Hey, you okay?

Cloud
Where are we?

Cait Sith
A desert prison... Corel Prison...

Cloud
A desert prison?

Cait Sith
Yup, a natural prison in the middle of the desert... surrounded entirely by quicksand.
I heard that once you get in, you never get out...
But, there was one special exception...

The third party member turns around suddenly to notice Barret a ways off.

    Aeris
    Hey!! Barret!!

    Tifa
    Barret!?

    Red XIII
    Mmm!? Isn't that Barret?

    Yuffie
    Hey? Isn't that guy, Barret?

They all run over to Barret. Near him is a corpse.

Cloud
Barret...
Did he really......

Barret
Stay back! This's something I gotta deal with.
Jes' leave me alone...

He runs off.

Cait Sith
Whew! That's one of your friends? He sure looks dangerous...

    Aeris
    Cloud, what should we do? Barret's not his normal self.

    Tifa
    ...Barret......

    Red XIII
    Barret...

    Yuffie
    Hey, Cloud! Just leave him alone.
    I mean, he told us to, didn't he? Then that's that, right?

Cloud kneels down by the corpse.

Cloud
This one's been shot too...

Man Near Gate
Wo-ho! Welcome to Corel Prison.
Hold---it. If you wanna pass, Then you're gonna need the boss's permission.

If Cloud tries to run out into the desert...

Cloud
We should find Barret before we go out into the desert.

Cloud and the others follow Barret. A man starts following them.

Man Following
Ha ha ha

Man
I'll tell you one thing, rookie. This desert is extremely dangerous.
It'll welcome you in, but when you try to leave it, it'll swallow ya.
I hear tell, some of them never make it out... the best thing is to stay out of the desert entirely.

Black Man
Those guys only tell lies. Only lies. Not a one of 'em will tell you the truth.
Just talk with 'em a couple of times, and you'll get sick of them.

Three Liars
This place is heaven.
This place is heaven.
This place is heaven.
Man with a gun on his arm?
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him.
Never heard of him.
You wanna see the Boss?
Go Southwest and you'll meet him.
You'll meet him.
You'll meet him.
Once out in the desert, stay still and don't walk.
Don't walk
Don't walk
There's no way you'll ever see a mysterious Chocobo carriage. No way.
No way.
No way.

Man 2
This elevator will take you to the top...
But, you gotta be picked as a Chocobo Racer, first.

Big Man
Want to enter the Chocobo Race?

Cloud
- Not interested
- Yeah, I want to enter

Not interested

Big Man
You thinkin' of livin' here forever? Then live a long life!

Yeah, I want to enter

Big Man
Then go get permission with the boss of this place.

Cloud
Who's the boss?

Big Man
You don't even know that? Oh man.

Guards Outside Trailer
You new? Then go and pay your respects to Mr. Coates.

Inside the trailer...

Mr. Coates
Never seen your face 'round here before. Goin' up?

Cloud
- Not interested
- Yeah, up

Not interested

Mr. Coates
Heh heh! You sure got guts!

Yeah, up

Mr. Coates
You don't seem to understand how things work down here.
This is the Gold Saucer's garbage dump. And that makes alluv ya scrubs.
The only way to get back up there is to win the Chocobo Race.
But, it's not as easy as you rookies think.
Of course, if you got the boss's permission it'd be a different story but, YOU'll never get that!
Ha ha ha ha.

At the prison pub...

Shopkeeper
A rookie? Then you gotta buy something. Yup, that's the rule here.

Finally, Cloud, Cait Sith, and the third party member enter the mayor's old house. Barret bursts in after them.

Barret
Didn't I tell you not to come here!?

He aims his gun arm in their direction.

Cait Sith
Ju...... just hold on for a second! We just want to talk! You'll understand if you just hear us out!

Barret fires, and a man behind the couch collapses.

Barret
Didn't want none of ya to get involved...

Cloud shrugs, and the others run in.

Aeris
Hey that's Cloud's line! '...It's too dangerous, I can't let you get involved...' blah, blah, blah...

Tifa
Yeah. We're already involved in this.

Aeris
We saw you and hurried here. Barret, just tell us what's going on.

Barret
You guys...

Red XIII
I heard that the murders at the Battle Arena were done by a man with a gun-arm. ...Was that you?

Barret shakes his head violently.

Barret
There's another... another man that got a gun grafted inta one of his arms. It was four years ago...

Flashback. Barret and Dyne are walking along the train tracks that lead to North Corel.

Barret (narrating)
I remember... I was on my way home from visiting a Mako Reactor being built.

Village Headman
Barret! Dyne! Come quick! The village's being attacked! It's Shinra soldiers!

Barret
What!!!?

Barret and Dyne turn to one another and nod. They run to an overlook where they can see the village burning.

Barret
What the hell happened?......

Dyne
Hey, Barret! It's not over yet!
Everyone's waiting! Let's go back to the village!

They start back towards the village.

Village Headman
Barret! Dyne! Protect the village...!

Shinra soldiers enter and shoot the village headman.

Barret
Hmp!! Old man!!

Barret and Dyne make a run for it, and the soldiers start shooting at them.

Dyne
C'mon, Barret! We gotta hurry!

Dyne runs ahead.

Barret
Krggh!!

Barret runs after him.

Dyne
Barret!! You stay here!!

Barret
Shu'up!!

Scarlet
Kyaa haa, ha!!
You can shoot all day and never hit them with aim like that.

Scarlet punches one of the soldiers off the bridge, and the others hold their hands up.

Scarlet
Haa, ha, ha!! Stop playing around and cover me!!

Dyne
Watch out!!

Dyne jumps in front of Barret, gets shot, and falls over the edge of the cliff. Barret catches his hand.

Barret
Dyne!! Hang on!!
Lissen to me!! You're comin' back to the village, hear!!?

Dyne
Yeah... I ain't lettin' go...

Barret
You're comin' back... Everyone's waitin' for ya...
Eleanor... and Marlene... They all waitin' on us...

The spray of bullets crosses their joined hands, and Barret loses his grip. Dyne falls into the ravine.

Barret
From then on, I couldn't use my right arm no more.
...I was depressed for a while.
But then I threw away my artificial arm and got this gun grafted in.
Got a new right arm to get revenge on the Shinra, who took everything away...
Back then, I heard the doc say there was another man who got the same operation as me.
But, his was the left arm.

Cloud
......

Aeris
But... Dyne's injury was the same as yours, right?

Tifa
Yeah, that's right. He was deceived by the Shinra too.
He'll probably join us to fight against the Shinra.

Barret
...wouldn't bet on it. I gotta 'pologize to Dyne before I can rest in peace.
An' that's why, I gotta go alone.

Cloud
Do whatever you want... Is that what you want to hear?
Well, I can't let you do it. Because, if you die on me, I'm gonna have nightmares.

Aeris
Barret, this isn't the end.

Tifa
Weren't you going to save the Planet?

Barret
Shit! Tifa, you oughtta know by now.

Tifa
...That's all right. I'm not so different from you.

Aeris
That's easier to understand. It's you, Barret.

Cloud
So there it is, Barret. So I guess it'll be Barret, me, and......

Aeris
I wonder if Dyne will join us?

Tifa
Be careful.

Red XIII
Hmm? Shall I go with you?

Yuffie
You sure are all acting pretty heroic, considerin' we're not makin' any money on this...

Cait Sith
Fortune's good. Everything is perfect!

Cloud and the others go back to the north gate to find the man there dead.

Cloud
This one's been shot too...

They head out into the desert.

Man
Man, the Boss was REALLY in a bad mood today... Or was it one of his better days?
If you get lost in the desert, just keep going Northeast. If you're lucky, you'll make it back here.

If Cloud gets himself lost in the desert, eventually a mysterious chocobo carriage will appear.

Carriage Driver
Wanna ride...?

Cloud
- Get on
- Don't get on

Going northeast, they come across a junkyard, and beyond it they find the ruins of a house and two crude grave markers on the edge of a ravine. Dyne is slumped there. Barret steps forward, gesturing for the others to stay back.

Barret
...Dyne ...Is that you?

Dyne
Now that's a voice I haven't heard in years...
A voice I'll never forget...

He limps forward.

Barret
I always hoped I'd be able to see you again someday...
I knew you were alive somewhere... we had the same operation.
Listen to me Dyne. I want to...

He starts forward, but Dyne fires at his feet, and Barret stops.

Dyne
What's that? ......I hear her voice.

Barret
......?

Dyne
I hear her voice, Eleanor's voice. Begging me... not to hate your rotten guts.
That's why I didn't hunt you down...

Barret
...I know I was stupid. I'm not asking you to forgive me.
But... What're you doin' in a place like this?
Why ya wanna kill those that ain't even involved? Why?

Dyne
...Why!? The hell do you care for!?
Are the people killed going to understand 'why'? Are the people of Corel going to understand just hearing Shinra's excuses?
I don't CARE what the reason is!
All they give us are artillery and stupid excuses... What's left is a world of despair and emptiness...

Barret
......

Dyne
You still want to hear 'why'? ...All right, I'll tell you.
'Cause I want to destroy everything.

He punctuates his next statements with gunshots.

The people of this city.
This city itself.
The whole world!

He turns away.

I got nothing left in this world. Corel, Eleanor...... Marlene......

Barret
Dyne, Marlene...... Marlene's still alive.

Dyne
......?

Barret
I went back into town. I thought she was gone for sure.
That is why I wanted to be by her side till the end.
That's when I found her...... found Marlene.

Dyne
...

Barret
She's in Midgar. Let's go see her together, all right?

Dyne
So...... she's still alive...
All right, Barret. I guess that means you and I gotta fight.

Barret
What!?

Dyne
Eleanor's alone all by herself. I've got to take Marlene to her.

Barret
Dyne... are you insane!?

Dyne
Marlene wants to see her Mom, don't she?

He starts firing at Barret.

Barret
Stop, Dyne! I can't die yet!

Dyne
Oh yeah? Well my life's been over ever since then.

Barret
Stop it! I don't wanna fight you!

Cloud
Barret!

Barret
Cloud, you stay the hell out of it! This is MY problem!!

Barret fights and defeats Dyne, who falls to his knees.

Dyne
Urgh!

He starts to get back up.

Back!!

He limps away to lean against a wall.

...it wasn't just my arm...... back then......
I lost something irreplaceable. I don't know where I went wrong...

Barret
Dyne... I don't know either, man.
Is this the only way... we can resolve this?

Dyne
I told you... I... I want to destroy everything...
Everything... This crazy world... Even me...

Barret
An' what 'bout Marlene? What's gonna happen to her!?

Dyne
...Think about it... Barret... How old was Marlene back then...?
Even if I did go to her now... she wouldn't even know me...
And what's more... Barret...
These hands are a little too stained to carry Marlene anymore...

Barret
......

Dyne
Barret...

He pulls a necklace off and tosses it to Barret.

Give that pendant to Marlene... It was... Eleanor's... my wife's... memento...

Barret
All right...

Dyne
...wow... Marlene's... already...... 4......

He limps to the edge of the ravine.

Barret... Don't...... make... ......Don't ever make Marlene...... cry...

Barret
Dyne...?
Dyne!

Dyne lets himself fall backwards over the edge as Barret runs towards him.

Barret
Dy------ne!!

He falls to his knees.

...Dyne. Me an' you were the same...
My hands ain't any cleaner...... I shouldn't be able to carry... Marlene either...
Uuuurrrrrrgh!!!

Back at the trailer...

Mr. Coates
You want somethin'?

Barret
I want to go up.

Mr. Coates
Like I told you before, you gotta get the Boss' permission, then win the Chocobo......

Barret
Dyne's got his reasons an' can't speak.

He pulls out the necklace.

So, I got this, instead.

Mr. Coates
Yeah, bull--!!

Barret
I want to go up.

Mr. Coates
R, right.
Did you kill Dyne?
You must've. Or you'd never be holding that thing.
...So Dyne's dead... Maybe now, the place'll calm down a little.
Dyne didn't care who anyone was......

Barret grabs Mr. Coates by the collar.

Barret
The hell do YOU know!!

Mr. Coates
R... ri...... right! I mean, no, I DON'T know anything. S, s... sorry.

Barret releases him.

Cloud
Then, will you get us outta here?

Mr. Coates
Huh? Oh man, you guys are mistaken.
I already told you, there's only one way to get outta here.
That's to win the Chocobo Race and that's held up there, in the Gold Saucer.
And, only one racer can go up at a time.

Barret
Say what!?

Mr. Coates
Noooo! Really, even if you threaten me!!
A rule's a rule. I can't change it.
If I do, the whole system down here'll get messed up!! An' I can't do that!
Okay, ok, I'll let one go up there. After that, he's gotta deal with Dio.

Barret
Awright then.
Cloud, you go.
We'll wait down here.
Hurry up an' win that Chocobo Race, an' get us outta here!

    Aeris
    Yes, good luck, Cloud.

    Tifa
    Right, Cloud. We'll be waiting and rooting for you.

    Red XIII
    You're right. Cloud should do it.

    Yuffie
    Well, Cloud go get 'em!

    Cait Sith
    Ok Cloud, knock 'em dead!

Cloud shrugs.

Mr. Coates
Have you decided?
All you need now is a manager.
...and register and get a Chocobo...

Ester
Hi...... I happened to hear your story.

Mr. Coates
Ester?

A girl walks in, wearing a pink dress and a chocobo feather in her hair.

Ester
I'll be your manager.

Mr. Coates
Well, I have nothing against it, but...
This is Ester. She may look kinda funny...
But there's no better manager in the races...

Ester
That's so rude...
Yeah, well. Nice to meet you, Cloud.

Mr. Coates
All right then, Cloud.
I'll send you up the elevator. Ester'll fill you in on the details.

On the elevator...

Ester
Hmm, so that's what happened. I'll talk to Dio directly. You just concentrate on the race.
Oh yeah, getting back to the other thing, there are many different types of Chocobo jockeys. It's not only for criminals.
Some people compete for the fame, some people compete for the money, some for glory... And then there're people like you.
Oh yeah, I'll teach you how to ride a Chocobo.

Cloud
- All right
- Not interested

Ester
Ummm... First use the [Select] button to choose either AUTO or MANUAL.
In other words, either you control the Chocobo or let it run on its own.
But it's pretty hard to make the Chocobo run the way you want it to. If the Chocobo doesn't like you, it won't listen.
You can't really help on this one.
But, most of the Chocobo's that I'll provide you with are mellow and you should be able to handle them.
When you're riding, use the [] Button to Speed Up and the X Button to Slow Down.
But, if you go faster than the Chocobo can handle, it'll lose its stamina really fast.
And use the Directional button to move the Chocobo left and right, use the O Button to get a boost of speed.
Of course your stamina runs out faster though.
There are some bad tempered Chocobos that can't pace themselves and they'll lose their stamina pretty fast.
For these kinds of Chocobos, you should set the controls on Manual and slow it down.
Finally, some advice for the restless, once the first and second Chocobo cross the goal line,
Push the [Start] button to end the race.

The elevator reaches the top, and Cloud steps out.

Man
You new?

Ester
Hi, Joe.

Joe
Hey, Ester you're looking pretty as usual.

Ester
Thanks.
Let me introduce you, Cloud.
This is Joe, one of the top Chocobo Jockeys.

Joe
Nice to meet you, Cloud.
If you're with Ester, then...

Ester
Right! He's an up and coming jockey.
He's only been down here for a day and already he made it up here!!

Joe
What!?
Oh, I see...
So what did you do down there?
Sorry... you're not supposed to ask about the past here...
Pretty interesting... I have a feeling that we'll meet again.
Then, until we meet again, Cloud.

He leaves the room.

Ester
I'm going to check on the Chocobo. You just wait here for a while.
I'll be right back.

Jockeys
......
I got nothing to say.
......
Don't get cocky. Skills don't matter once you get in the race...

The race will start in a few moments. Will the jockeys for the next race, please proceed to the paddock.
I repeat...

All the jockeys leave, but Cloud stays behind. Eventually Ester returns.

Ester
Cloud
Thanks for waiting. I registered you in the next race.
This is a Chocobo I prepared myself. He won't lose easily.
Oh yeah... You know how to ride one?

Cloud
- Uh, how was it again?
- Yeah, I got it

Ester
Then, good luck.

If Cloud loses the race...

Ester
Too bad.

If Cloud comes in 4th place or worse:

You had a tough situation there.

If Cloud comes in 3rd place:

I was expecting a little more from you.

If Cloud comes in 2nd place:

You were so close.

If it is Cloud's 1st or 2nd loss...

Ester
Let me find a better Chocobo for you. Wait here for a while, OK?

If Cloud has lost 3 times...

Ester
If you couldn't win with that last Chocobo...
All right, I'll go get the best Chocobo there is!

If Cloud has lost 4 or more times...

Ester
You gotta be kidding me!? There aren't any other Chocobos better than the last one!
Well, if you really want to win, just push the 'SELECT'
and try the 'AUTO' mode.

Eventually Cloud wins a race.

Ester
Congratulations!! Now you're home free!
Oh yeah, the owner told me to give this letter to you when you won.

Dio
Boy, if you're reading this letter, then you must've won. And won a victory that I am sure you earned.
I heard about Dyne from Ester. Now that you are victorious, I promise that you and all your friends will get a full pardon, and you all will be set free.
And also, by way of apology, I prepared a little gift for you to use on your journey.
Sorry I couldn't be there to tell you this in person, but I'm a very busy man.
Sincerely, Dio

Cloud
A gift?

His PHS rings, and he answers it.

Aeris
Cloud, isn't this great!? The assistant manager just stopped by and dropped off a 'buggy' for you!
Now you can go over 'deserts' and 'rivers' no problem.
OK, Cloud. I'll be waiting outside.

Cloud
(Hmm? The letter continues...)
P.S. I just recently met Sephiroth. He must have a lot of fans with boys your age.
Why don't you get his autograph? It seems he's headed toward the South of the river, towards Gongaga.
Sephiroth...

Ester
I guess this is goodbye.
Yeah. Well, if you ever get your own Race Chocobo, come back again.
I'll take care of your registration and everything. I'll see you again.

Cloud and the others leave via their new buggy, headed South towards Gongaga.

< Gold Saucer | Corel Prison | Gongaga >

Back to Script




    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Gongaga - A Ruined Reactor
The Turks
A Ruined Reactor
Gongaga Village
Zack's House

Cloud enters the forest surrounding Gongaga.

* Note: Because the party can trigger these events by visiting Gongaga any time before getting the Keystone, Vincent and Cid's responses are included here as well. Red XIII also has slightly different dialogue after completing the events at Cosmo Canyon.

Cloud
...Is someone there?

Farther along the path, Reno and Rude stand talking.

Reno
Hey, Rude. Who do you like?

Rude turns away.

Reno
What are you getting so embarrassed about? Come on? Who do you like?

Rude
.........Tifa.

Reno
Hmmmm...
That's a tough one.
But, poor Elena. She...... you......

Rude
No, she likes Tseng.

Reno
I never knew that! But Tseng likes that Ancient...

Cloud
What are they talking about?

Elena comes up from behind him, and he turns around in surprise.

Elena
It's so stupid!
They always talk about who they like or don't like. But Tseng is different.
Ah! Oh no!

She runs past Cloud to join Reno and Rude.

They're here! They're really here!

Reno
Hmm... Then it's time...
Rude... Don't go easy on them even though they're girls.

Rude
...Don't worry, I'll do my job.

Elena
Then, we're counting on you. I'll report to Tseng!

She runs off down the right fork of the path.

Reno
It's been a while.

If coming any time before the Wutai sidequest...

Reno
Payback time for what you did in Sector 7.

Cloud
- Sector 7?
- Out of our way

Sector 7?

Reno
That's sad.

Out of out way

Reno
I don't like being taken for a fool.

Rude
That's as far as you go.

If coming after encountering the Turks in Wutai...

Reno
This is just part of the job. Don't take it personally.

Cloud and the others fight and defeat Reno and Rude.

Reno
We may be retreating, but...
we're still victorious!

Rude
...............

Rude and Reno each check their watches and run off.

    Barret
    I don't like it. How'd they find out where we were?

    Aeris
    ...How could they know we were coming here.

    Tifa
    Hey, something seems wrong, Like they knew we were coming.

    Red XIII
    Interesting... They were definitely waiting for us.

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    Hey, Cloud. How did the Turks know to wait and ambush us here?

    Yuffie
    I don't like this! It's like the whole world knows where we're going.

    Cait Sith
    How'd they know that we were here?

    Vincent
    How did they know that we were here...

    Cid
    Man, looks like they've taken a short cut.

Cloud
They followed us...... But there weren't any signs of it. Then, that means......

    Barret
    A spy, maybe? No, no way.

    Aeris
    That there's a Shinra spy...

    Tifa
    A spy!?...No way.

    Red XIII
    ......someone's been informing them.

    Or, after Cosmo Canyon:

    ...You think someone told the Shinra about us?

    Yuffie
    Maybe it's someone in this group?

    Cait Sith
    You don't think there's a spy, do you Cloud?
    I hate this. Now everyone's gonna blame me because I'm new.

    Vincent
    Means there's a Shinra spy...?

    Cid
    And a couple of Shinra dogs are here too!

Cloud
I don't even want to think that there's a spy...
I trust everyone.

The right fork of the path leads to the ruins of a Mako reactor.

Cloud
A ruined reactor.

A helicopter lands outside the reactor, and Scarlet and Tseng get off.

Cloud
It's Scarlet, Head of Shinra Weapon Development.

He runs and hides in the rubble. Scarlet enters the reactor, Tseng following.

Scarlet
......Hmph! This isn't any good either.
You only get junky materia from junky reactors.
This reactor's a failure.
What I'm looking for is big, large, huge materia. You seen any?

Tseng
...No I haven't seen it. I'll get on it right away.

Scarlet
Please. We could make the ultimate weapon if we only had some.

Tseng
I just can't wait.

Scarlet
With Hojo gone, the Weapon Development's been betting a bigger budget.

Tseng
I envy them.

Scarlet
But, even if we make the perfect weapon, could that stupid Heidegger even use it?

Tseng
......

Scarlet
Oh... sorry! I forgot Heidegger was your boss! Ha ha ha!

Tseng
......

Scarlet
Let's go!

She walks back towards the helicopter, and Tseng follows.

Cloud
...Big, large, huge materia?
An ultimate weapon? The perfect weapon?
Just what are the Shinra up to...?

He waits for the helicopter to leave before getting out of his hiding place. He inspects the rubble.

There's something shiny back there...
- Don't do anything
- Reach for it

Received "Titan" Materia!

Cloud goes back and takes the left fork, which leads to the village. Along the path there, there is a cemetery.

Old Man
............
No matter how much I pray, it won't bring our grandson back...

Redhead
Three years ago when the reactor exploded, my husband...
Do people really need reactors to live?
Aren't there more important things in life...?

Cloud enters the village and looks beyond to the reactor in the distance.

Cloud
A ruined reactor.

Inside the weapons shop...

Accessory Shopkeeper
Huh...... did you want something?

Cloud
- Buy accessories?
- Hear a story?
- Nothing in particular

Buy accessories?

The shop menu opens.

Hear a story?

Accessory Shopkeeper
People can live without the Shinra's Mako Reactors.

Nothing in particular

Accessory Shopkeeper
They sell the weapons on the second floor. Climb up the pole to get there.

Up the pole...

Weapons Shopkeeper
...You want something?

Cloud
- Hear a story?

Weapons Shopkeeper
It's been a while since the explosion, but you can still find pieces of it left all over town.

At the inn...

Innkeeper
Uh... need somethin'?

Cloud
- Hear a story?

Innkeeper
One day, there was a huge explosion. Many townspeople died in it...

At the Mayor's house...

Mayor
This is Gongaga Village. Many people died here in a Mako reactor explosion.
The Shinra people told us that everyone would be happy once the Reactor was built. But, all it brought us was sadness......

In the Item Shop...

Item Shopkeeper
Oh... you here to shop?

Cloud
- Hear a story?

Item Shopkeeper
Shinra built the reactor without even thinking about the town's safety. And, this is the result.

The party enters the house of an older couple, Zack's parents.

Zack's Father
You a traveller? Hey wait, that glare in your eye... you in SOLDIER?

Zack's Mother
Oh you're right! Don't you know anything about our son?

Zack's Father
His name is Zack.

Zack's Mother
It's been close to 10 years since he left for the city, saying that he didn't want to live in the country...

Zack's Father
He left saying he's going to join SOLDIER. You ever hear of a Zack in SOLDIER?

If neither Aeris nor Tifa are in the party...

Cloud
Hmmm... I don't know.

He turns for the door.

...Zack.
Zack. I don't know anything about that man.
......But That name sounds familiar...
Why...!?

If both Aeris and Tifa are in the party...

Cloud
Hmmm... I don't know.

Aeris
Zack...

Zack's Father
Young lady, you know him?

Zack's Mother
I remember he wrote us 6 or 7 years ago saying that he had a girlfriend. Could that have been you?

Aeris
That can't...

She leaves the house.

Tifa
Zack...

She follows.

Cloud
What happened to you two?

He goes outside.

[Cloud talks to Aeris.]
[Cloud talks to Tifa.]

If only Aeris is in the party...

Cloud
Hmm.. I don't know.

Aeris
Zack...

Zack's Father
Young lady, you know him?

Zack's Mother
I remember he wrote us 6 or 7 years ago saying that he had a girlfriend. Could that have been you?

Aeris
That can't...

She leaves.

Cloud
Aeris...

He follows her outside.

[Cloud talks to Aeris.]

If only Tifa is in the party...

Cloud
Hmmm... I don't know.

Tifa
Zack...

Zack's Father
Young lady, you know him?

Zack's Mother
I remember he wrote us 6 or 7 years ago saying that he had a girlfriend. Could that have been you?

Tifa
...No, it wasn't.

She walks outside.

Cloud
Tifa... What happened?

He follows her outside.

[Cloud talks to Tifa.]

Cloud talks to Aeris.

Cloud
Aeris...

Aeris
What a shock... I didn't know Zack was from this town.

Cloud
You know him?

Aeris
Didn't I tell you? He was my first love.

Cloud
............

Aeris
Zack... SOLDIER First Class. Same as Cloud.

Cloud
Strange, there aren't that many who make First Class, but I've never heard of him.

Aeris
That's all right. It's all in the past now. I was just worried because I heard he's been missing.

Cloud
Missing?

Aeris
I think it was 5 years ago. He went out on a job, and never came back.
He loved women, a real lady's man. He probably found someone else...
Hey? What's wrong?

Cloud
- Poor guy
- (...jealous... envious...)

Poor guy

Aeris
I don't really mind that I haven't heard from him. But I feel for his parents.

(...jealous... envious...)

Aeris
Are you... jealous? Hmm? Hmmm? Are you, Cloud?

He turns away.

Aeris
I'm kidding. I'm sorry.

Aeris
Let's go, Cloud.

Cloud talks to Tifa.

Tifa
Zack......

Cloud
Do you know him?

Tifa
N, no, I don't know him!

Cloud
Your face tells me differently.

Tifa
I told you, I don't!

Cloud
A, all right.

Tifa
............
That sounds just like you, leaving town, and saying 'I'm joining SOLDIER!'.

Cloud
There were a lot of guys like that back then.

Tifa
You must really be something making it in SOLDIER out of a group like that.
I really respect you...

Cloud
- I just got lucky
- I worked hard for it

I just got lucky

Tifa
Don't be so humble!

I worked hard for it

Tifa
Hard work pays off, huh.

Tifa
Cloud, thanks for caring.

Back at Zack's house.

Zack's Father
Have you ever met someone in SOLDIER named Zack?

Zack's Mother
I can't believe he hasn't contacted us in 10 years...! ...After all, we're his parents.

Cloud and the others leave Gongaga and continue westward.

< Corel Prison | Gongaga | Cosmo Canyon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Cosmo Canyon - Nanaki
Arrival at Cosmo Canyon
Exploring Cosmo Canyon
Bugenhagen and His Machine
Around the Cosmo Candle
The Gi Cave
Leaving Cosmo Canyon

The party may choose to stop at Cosmo Canyon, but if they attempt to bypass it instead, the buggy sparks.

Cloud
!?

It continues to spark and then breaks down. Cloud gets out.

Cloud
Oh man... a breakdown? Now?

They head to the nearby village of Cosmo Canyon in search of a mechanic. Red XIII runs ahead when they reach the gate.

Red XIII
I am home! It is I, Nanaki!

Gatekeeper
Hey, Nanaki! You're safe!
Come on, and say hello to Bugenhagen!

Red XIII runs on up a staircase along the side of the canyon.

Cloud
...Nanaki?

Barret
I finally made it... So this is... Cosmo Canyon!

Aeris
Cosmo... Canyon? I wonder if there's any relation to the planet or the Ancients...

Tifa
Red XIII seems different, doesn't he?

Yuffie
Hmmm... Any Materia? Any Materia around?

Cait Sith
Hmmm... So this is Cosmo Canyon.

Cloud and the others approach the gate.

Gatekeeper
Welcome to Cosmo Canyon. Are you familiar with this land?

Cloud
- Yes
- No

Yes

Gatekeeper
You lied. That is something that is not treated lightly here in Cosmo Canyon.

No

Gatekeeper
Let me explain.
People from all over the world gather here to seek the Study of Planet Life.

Barret
Wooooooooo!
I always wanted to come here!

Gatekeeper
Ummgah! It's full capacity at present, so I'm afraid I can't let you enter.

Red XIII comes back down the stairs.

Red XIII
They helped me some when I was on the road. Please let them in.

Gatekeeper
...Oh, is that so? You helped our Nanaki? Please, come in.

Cloud
Who is Nanaki?

Gatekeeper
Nanaki is Nanaki. That's his name.

* Note: From this point on, that's how I'll refer to him. It's his name, after all.

Gatekeeper
Welcome to Cosmo Canyon. Make yourselves at home.

Cloud and the others enter the village and go up to where Nanaki is waiting on the stairway landing.

Nanaki
Here is where I was... I mean, ...this is my hometown.
My tribe were protectors of those who appreciate this beautiful canyon and the Planet.
My brave mother fought and died here, but my cowardly father left her...... I am the last of my race.

Cloud
Cowardly father?

Nanaki
Yes. My father was a wastrel.
And so the mission I inherited from my ancestors, is to protect this place. My journey ends here.

Bugenhagen (from above)
Hey! Nanaki--! You're home!

Nanaki
Coming, Grandpa!

He dashes off up the stairs.

    Barret
    Good timin'. Let's take a breather.
    I got stuff I want to find out, too.

    Aeris
    Let's rest for a bit. There are some things I want to find out about anyway.

    Tifa
    That's perfect. Why don't we take a break too? We can meet back here in a while, OK?

    Yuffie
    Rest, rest, rest! I wanna rest! There! It's decided!

    Cait Sith
    I'm just dead tired. Everyone, how 'bout some rest?

The others all wander off.

Sign
Tasty Cocktails! Pub "Starlet"
Fluffy Beds! In "Shildra Inn"
Come in today!
It's right near Cosmo Candle!

Cloud finds Tifa and Aeris at the pub.

Barkeeper
Welcome. How 'bout our original cocktail, 'Cosmo Candle?'
A drink now and then is good for you. It'll relax you a bit. ...If you know when to stop.

Aeris
Maybe there are some people here that know about the Promised Land and the Ancients.

Tifa
Nanaki...... I wonder what's happened to Nanaki...? He's as excited as a little boy.

Elder Bugah
Is that so? You brought Nanaki back here?
Yeah, thanks.

Upstairs is the inn.

Innkeeper
Welcome to 'Shildra Inn'.
It'll be 100 gil a night. Would you like to stay?

Cloud
- Yes
- No thanks

Yes

Innkeeper
Have a great dream of the stars...

After spending the night...

Innkeeper
Were you able to hear the stars whispers?
Well then, please come again.

No thanks

Innkeeper
Well then, please come again.

Flyer on Wall
[Turtle's Paradise] No. 5
Our cocktails are good but our wine is the best!
Please stop in to "Turtle's Paradise"!!

Back outside...

Man
So this is Cosmo Canyon... Quite a mysterious place.
Have you come to seek the 'Study of Planet Life'?

Cloud
- That's it
- No

That's it

Man
Yeah? I heard there's an awesome observatory here. I'd like to see it if I have a chance.

No

If the buggy broke down...

Man
Oh yeah? What? The car broke down!?
Why don't you look around Cosmo Canyon, while I fix the car?

He walks out through the gate.

If Cloud and the others chose to stop...

Man
Oh, really?
There really isn't much else to see here.

Kid near the Cosmo Candle
Yaaay! Nanaki! Nanaki's back! It's all thanks to this flame!
This fire is called 'Cosmo Candle'. It has burned for generations.
It is a holy flame that protects this canyon.
I heard once, it only went out once, long ago.
The elders said something horrifying occurred, but I really don't know much about it.

Gatekeeper
Since you're here, why don't you listen to Bugenhagen's story?

At the Tiger Lily Weapons shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
Oh, welcome.
The people of this canyon hate to compete. So almost everything here are replicas.
But that's all right. Some of them you can really use.

Flyer on wall
[Turtle Paradise Newsletter] Number 4
Now hiring!
Looking for someone who can stand long hours of boredom!
For details, contact Pub "Turtle Paradise"!!

In the Elder's Room...

Elder Hargo
Where did I put it...? I know it's around here...

Barret
There was this guy who studied 'Planetary Life' here.
He couldn't take things the way they were, so he went to Midgar to form AVALANCHE.
Wanna hear more?

Cloud
- Go on

Barret
Guess you could say this is where AVALANCHE was born.
I always wanted to come here... And... I finally...... made it.
A lot... happened...

Cloud
- And then?

Barret
And then...? I don't know what's going to happen, now that there is no AVALANCHE...

In the Materia shop...

Yuffie
Oh man! This place looks like a real drag. And their Materia sucks, too.

Materia Shopkeeper
...num... yawn... Sir,... You... forgot...... your...... change.
...num... Yes, I'm coming...
Are you here to shop?

Cloud
- That's right
- No, what's your problem?

That's right

Materia Shopkeeper
Oh... is that so... You're here to shop?

He jumps up.

I'm sorry! We hardly ever get any customers so...... Oh, but I DO have confidence in our materia!
I'm... I'm so sorry! It seems as though I've become so used to being lazy...

No, what's your problem?

Shopkeeper
Oh... is that so... then leave me alone and let me... yawn... sleep...

Inside a woman's living quarters...

Woman
Oh man, I'm so busy. I need more help. Mummer... complaint...

If Cait Sith is in the party...

Woman
Those two... uh, Anyway, are you two friends? It really seems strange.

Cait Sith
Hmm, this place seems like it has a lot of secrets.
So, when's dinner?

Woman
All right, all right. I'm making it right now.
...But I wonder which one is going to eat...

Kid outside Sealed Door
Bugenhagen sealed this door shut.
How'd he do that? With super glue?

Cloud continues on up to the observatory, where Nanaki and Bugenhagen are.

Nanaki
Cloud, this is my grandfather, Bugen.
He is incredible. He knows everything.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. I hear that you looked after Nanaki a bit.
Nanaki is still a child you see.

Nanaki
Please stop, grandfather. I'm 48.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Nanaki's tribe has incredible longevity.
So you see his 48 years would only be equivalent to say that of a 15 or 16 year old in human reckoning.

Cloud
15 or 16!?

Bugenhagen
He's quiet and very deep. You thought he was an adult?

Nanaki
......grandfather. I want to be an adult.
I want to grow up to be able to protect you and the village.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. No Nanaki. You can't stand on your own yet.
To do that now would destroy you in the long run.
Reaching up into the heavens, threatening to snatch the very stars from the great city of Midgar. You've seen it, haven't you?
Well, that's a bad example. Looking up too much makes you lose perspective.
When it's time for this planet to die, you'll understand that you know absolutely nothing.

Cloud
......When the planet dies?

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. It may be tomorrow, or 100 years from now... But it's not long off.

Cloud
How do you know this?

Bugenhagen
I hear the cries of the Planet.

A throbbing noise starts up.

Cloud
What's that?

Bugenhagen
The sounds of the stars in the heavens. While this goes on, planets are born, and die.

A keening noise joins the throbbing.

Cloud
What was that?

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. That was a scream from this planet.
Didn't you hear it? As if to say... I hurt, I suffer......

Nanaki
They have come here on a journey to save the planet.
Why don't you show them your apparatus?

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. To save the planet? Ho Ho Hoooo!
But, then again, I guess it wouldn't hurt to show him.

Kid (walking in)
Bugenhagen!
Several odd looking people have come.

Bugenhagen
The whole place has gotten busy all of a sudden.

Nanaki
He brought friends too. I'll go get them.

Nanaki starts for the door.

Cloud, please call one of them.
Only three people can fit in grandfather's machine.

Bugenhagen
Don't worry. My machine won't run away. You go and invite your friends.

Cloud runs off to invite someone.

Barret
What?

Aeris
Hmm?

Tifa
Are you going somewhere?

Nanaki (in his room)
Don't worry about me. I've seen it many times.
It's my first time back in a while. Let me rest for a bit...

Yuffie
God. I HATE studying!

Cait Sith
What did they say?

Gatekeeper
Did you get to see Bugenhagen's contraption? If you haven't yet, you must!

Back to the observatory...

Bugenhagen
Here, over here. The door's unlocked, come on in.

Cloud enters the room housing the machine.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. It looks like you have them all together. Then let's begin.
I'll be stand there.

Cloud gets on the machine, and Bugenhagen switches it on. The platform lifts, taking them up to an interactive model of the solar system.

    Barret
    This is really somethin'!

    Aeris
    So pretty... It's just like the real thing!

    Tifa
    Wow! It's just like the real thing!

    Yuffie
    Woa! Wooooah! Pretty good, surprisin' me!

Bugenhagen
Hmm, yes pretty good. This is my laboratory.
All the workings of space are entered into this 3D Holographic System.

    Barret
    Whoa! Shootin' stars!

    Aeris
    Hey! A shooting star!

    Tifa
    Look, look! A shooting star!

    Yuffie
    Wh, what the? A shooting star?

Cloud and the others watch the model for a while.

    Barret
    This's really somethin'!

    Aeris
    Wow, how wonderful.

    Tifa
    Oh! This is amazing!!

    Yuffie
    Whew!!

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Yes, it is something, isn't it?
Well, let's get to the subject.
Eventually... all humans die. What happens to them after they die?
The body decomposes, and returns to the Planet. That much everyone knows. What about their consciousness, their hearts and their souls?
The soul too returns to the Planet.
And not only those of humans, but everything on this Planet. In fact, all living things in the universe, are the same.
The spirits that return to the Planet, merge with one another and roam the Planet.
They roam, converge, and divide, becoming a swell, called the 'Lifestream'.
Lifestream... In other words, a path of energy of the souls roaming the Planet.
'Spirit Energy' is a word that you should never forget.
A new life... children are blessed with Spirit energy and are brought into the world.
Then, the time comes when they die and once again return to the Planet...
Of course there are exceptions, but this is the way of the world.
I've digressed, but you'll understand better if you watch this.

On the Planet model, a man is born, and dies. His spirit energy enters the Lifestream and forms a tree elsewhere. The tree dies and returns to the Lifestream. A new man is born, and dies, etc. Eventually the Lifestream covers the entire Planet.

Bugenhagen
Spirit energy makes all things possible, trees, birds, and humans.
Not just living things. But spirit energy makes it possible for Planets to be Planets.
What happens if that energy were to disappear?

Bugenhagen takes all the Spirit energy away and the Planet crumbles and dies.

Bugenhagen
......These are the basics of the Study of Planet Life.

Cloud
If the Spirit energy is lost, our Planet is destroyed...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Spirit energy is efficient BECAUSE it exists within nature.
When Spirit energy is forcefully extracted, and manufactured, it can't accomplish its true purpose.

Cloud
You're talking about Mako energy, right?

Bugenhagen
Everyday Mako reactors suck up Spirit energy, diminishing it.
Spirit energy gets compressed in the reactors and processed into Mako energy. All living things are being used up and thrown away.
In other words, Mako energy will only destroy the Planet...

He turns off the machine.

The story of the planets... and those who lived with them...
You want to know more? Then you must listen to the words of the elders.
Nanaki? His father a coward?
So that's it... Nanaki's been thinking that all this time...

Cloud and the others leave to explore the place further.

Elder Hargo
Ahh, here it is.
My job is to gather all the legends and the knowledge of the planet and to make a book.
Then, even when I return to the planet, the children may still be taught about many things...
Mmm? Oh, we have guests. Good, good.
I know, I know.
You came to ask me something, right? Am I right?

Cloud
- It's about the Promised Land
- Not really

It's about the Promised Land

Elder Hargo
...The Promised Land. So you want to know...?
There is no one place called the Promised Land. That's what I believe.
No no, it does exist. Hmmm...... you can say that too.
In other words, it doesn't exist for us, but it did for the Ancients.
The Promised Land is the resting place of the Ancients.
The life of the Ancients is one continuous journey. A journey to grow trees and plants, produce animals, and to raise Mako energy.
Their harsh journeys continued throughout their lives...
The place they returned to after their long journey... Their burial land is the Promised Land.
Huh? Supreme Happiness? I believe that, for the Ancients, it was the moment that they were able to return to their Planet,
At that moment they were released from their fate, and gained their supreme happiness...
At least that's what I believe. I really don't know whether or not it's the truth now.

Not really

Elder Hargo
Oh, that's not what you're here for?
I'd appreciate it if you don't talk to me about such foolish things as legends and old wives tales.

Elder Hargo
By the way, those that came with you are all at the Cosmo Candle.
Are you leaving?

Gatekeeper
Leaving already? But it appears your friends still want to learn more about the planet...

In the Pub...

Elder Bugah
Mmm...
What is it?

Cloud
- The story of the Ancients...
- Nothing

The story of the Ancients...

Elder Bugah
You can't talk of the Ancients, without mentioning Professor Gast.
He used to come here sometimes.
He was a Shinra scholar who spent his life studying the Ancients.
He was a serious person, never would have figured he'd be with the Shinra.
Must've been about 30 years ago, when he found the corpse of an Ancient. He was elated!
If I recall... he named it 'Jenova' and was doing a lot of research...
One day, he showed up here, looking real distressed.
He was mumbling something about Jenova not being an Ancient and that he'd done a terrible thing...
He's been missing since then. I heard that he never went back to Shinra
So, if you ever see Professor Gast, I want you to tell him...
That the old man that likes to drink in Cosmo Canyon, wanted to hear about the Ancients.
Well, there's lots to talk about,
but most things about the Ancients are all legend and folk tales, and no one knows the truth.

Nothing

Elder Bugah
...hmm. That's no fun... I wanna tell a story.

Elder Bugah
By the way, your friends are all in front of the 'Cosmo Candle'
Are you all leaving now?

Cloud joins his friends by the Candle.

Nanaki
......

Barret
Cosmo Canyon... This's where AVALANCHE was born...
I promised my guys someday... when we saved the planet from the Shinra, that we'd all go to Cosmo Canyon and celebrate...
Biggs... Wedge... Jessie...
Now they're all gone... died for the planet.
...Really? To save the planet?
We all... we all hate the Shinra...
Do I even got a to go on?
Will they......... will they ever forgive me?
...Right now, I really don't know. But I know one thing.
If there's anything I can do, to save the planet... or the people livin' on it... Then I'm gonna do it!
I don't care if it's for justice or revenge, or whatever. I don't care...... let 'em decide for 'emselves.

He gets to his feet.

Urrrrrgh! I'm gonna do it!!
Again... Again... AVALANCHE's born again!

Aeris
I learned a lot. The elders taught me many things.
About the Cetra... And the Promised Land...
I'm...... alone... I'm all alone now...

Cloud
But I'm...... we're here for you, right?

Aeris
I know. I know, but... I am the only...... Cetra.

Cloud
Does that mean we can't help?

Aeris
......

Tifa
Cloud...
Bonfires are funny, aren't they?
They make you remember all sorts of things.
You know, Cloud. 5 Years ago...
......It's nothing.
No, forget. I'm afraid to ask...

Cloud
What is it...?

Tifa
It feels like... it feels like you're going far away...
You really, really are...... you... right?

Yuffie
What a boring place, just like I thought. I wanna go somewhere! Let's go find some Materia!

Cait Sith
I wonder how many years it's been... Gosh, it brings back memories......

Nanaki
...Long ago.
...When I was still very small. We were all around this flame...
No, never mind...

Cloud
What happened?

Nanaki
It's about my parents.
When I talk about my mother, I am full of pride and joy...
And that's fine. ...But when I remember my father, my heart is full of anger...

Bugenhagen
...You really can't forgive your father...?

Nanaki
Of course. He...... left mother for dead.
When the Gi tribe attacked, he ran off by himself, leaving mother and the people of the Canyon!

Bugenhagen
...Come, Nanaki. There's something you should see.

Nanaki
...?

Bugenhagen
The place may be dangerous.
Cloud. Will you and one other person come with us?

Barret
...Where're they going?

Aeris
I wonder what he wants to show Nanaki...?

Tifa
Can I go too?

Yuffie
Does he want to show him THAT? You know, maybe there's some Materia that's been passed on for generations in this Canyon!?

Cait Sith
Dangerous? Count me out......

Elder Bugah
Mmm. I'm starting to feel good now. That bartender's cocktails always hit the spot.

Gatekeeper
Hm? If you're looking for Bugenhagen, he went to the Sealed Door.
Remember, there's a steel door on the way to Bugenhagen's room.
What's that door there for anyhow? It's been closed forever...

Cloud and the others join Bugenhagen by the sealed door.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo
Are we all set?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Just a minute

Bugenhagen
Not ready yet? Tell me when you are ready.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Shall we go?

He hits a switch to open the door.

All right. Come in, come in.

Nanaki
Hey? Aren't you going with us, Grandpa?

Bugenhagen
What are you crazy? It's dangerous in there. I told you that!
You want an old man like me should go first? I'll be right behind you.

If you try to go back out...

Bugenhagen
What is it, you're going back? I'll be waiting here for you when you're ready.
I can't leave this door open forever.
Good. Then we shall proceed.

They enter the cave and climb to the bottom. After passing through the first chamber, Bugenhagen stops in the doorway.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo.
Everyone here's a Ghost of the Gi tribe. Killed in a certain battle.

Nanaki
A certain battle...?

Bugenhagen
The vengeful spirits of the Gi didn't disappear, and couldn't return to the Lifestream...
We still have far to go. Ho Ho Hoooo.

They continue on through the second chamber, and Bugenhagen stops again.

Bugenhagen
As you can see, this cave leads to the back of Cosmo Canyon.
It was unfortunate that the Gi were larger than us. If they attacked through here, we wouldn't have stood a chance.

Nanaki
......

Bugenhagen
Let's move on.

They move through the third chamber.

Bugenhagen
This warrior went through the cave all alone.
Fighting attackers one after another...

Nanaki
Grandpa...... That warrior...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo... We're almost there.

They enter the final chamber, where an evil-looking face is blocking the far exit.

Bugenhagen
What is this......?

Nanaki
Grandpa, is he...!?

Bugenhagen
After death... The ghosts of the Gi... Like stagnant air......
This... can't be!!

Cloud and the others fight the Gi Nattak.

Bugenhagen
...Thank you, Cloud. Because of you, we survived.
Nanaki, you have grown strong, too.

Nanaki
......Oh yeah?

Bugenhagen
Now I know that it wasn't a mistake bringing you here...
Come, I have something I want to show you. Right over here.

They continue out of the cave.

Nanaki
This is...

Bugenhagen
...The warrior who fought against the Gi.
He kept them from taking even one step into Cosmo Canyon.
But he was never able to return to town...
Look, Nanaki. Look at your father, at the warrior, Seto.

Nanaki looks up to where Seto stands on the cliff above, turned to stone.

Nanaki
...That... That's...... Seto...?

Bugenhagen
Seto continued to fight the Gi tribe here. ...To protect this Canyon.
Even after the Gi's poisonous arrows turned his body to stone......
Even after they all ran away... Seto, continued to protect us.
And he continues to protect us, even now.

Nanaki
Even now...

Bugenhagen
You thought that he was a coward and ran away. But he, alone risked his life to protect Cosmo Canyon.
That is your father, Seto.

Nanaki
That...... that is Seto? ...!? Did mother know?

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo... She knew. The two of them made me promise to keep this cave shut.
They asked me to seal it myself and not to tell a soul.
They said we should forget about this cave.

Nanaki
.........

Bugenhagen
Cloud... Would you mind leaving the two of us alone?

Cloud nods and leaves the cave.

Bugenhagen
Nanaki. I want you to continue your journey with Cloud and the others.

Nanaki
Grandpa!?

Bugenhagen
Listen, Nanaki.
Cloud says they are trying to save the planet.
Honestly, I don't think it can be done.
For even if they stop every reactor on the planet, it's only going to postpone the inevitable.
Even if they stop Sephiroth, everything will perish.
But, Nanaki. I've been thinking lately.
I've been thinking if there was anything WE could do,
as a part of the planet, something to help a planet already in misery...
No matter what happens, isn't it important to try?
Am I just wishing against fate?
I am too old to do anything about it...
This year, I'll be 130. Ho Ho Hoooo.
That is why, Nanaki, you must go with them! For my sake.

Nanaki
Grandpa...

Bugenhagen
I wanted to show you your real father before you left...
I'm so glad that you came back while I was still alive to show you.

Nanaki
Grandpa... don't talk like that. I don't want to think of life... without you......

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Well, I've had a long life.

Nanaki
Grandpa! You must live!
I'll see to it.
I'll see to what's happening to the planet. And I'll come back to tell you.

Bugenhagen
Nanaki...

Nanaki
I am Nanaki of Cosmo Canyon! The son of the warrior, Seto!
I'll come back a warrior true to that noble name! So please, Grandpa...

He turns and looks up to see that Seto is crying.

Bugenhagen
That's... Seto's...... Seto......

Nanaki
Seto....... Fa... Father...

He leaps up higher and lets out a keening howl.

Back outside, the others are gathered around the Cosmo Canyon.

Barret
They said they finished fixin' the buggy.

Cloud
Shall we get going?

Aeris
So this is it, Nanaki...

Barret
That's just the way it goes. ...You came in handy at times...

Man
The repair on your car is completed.
Now you should be able to go where ever you want.

Cloud
- How much do I owe...?
- Much obliged

How much do I owe...?

Man
No charge! You'd do the same for me, right?

Cloud
- Please, take 1000 gil
- I guess you're right

Please, take 1000 gil

Man
Are you sure...? Well, all right. Thank you.
Oh yeah. Did you stay at the inn already?
There was a bottle on the sofa there a couple of days ago... was it yours?

I guess you're right

Nothing happens.

Much obliged

Nothing happens.

Man
Mmm...... I think the teachings of the 'Study of Planet Life' are true.
But can people used to Mako energy ever go back...?

Kid outside Sealed Door
Nope... It doesn't open... How'd he seal it? With a huge magnet?

Cloud starts for the gate, and Nanaki comes running after him.

Nanaki
Wait for me! I'm coming too!

Cloud
Mmm?

Bugenhagen
Cloud. Please look after Nanaki.

Cloud
What happened?

Nanaki
I think I grew up a little. That's what happened!

He runs off down the steps.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Come back whenever you need my knowledge.

Cloud and the others return to the buggy and continue north.

< Gongaga | Cosmo Canyon | Nibelheim >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Nibelheim - Reconstructed
Arrival at Nibelheim
Exploring Nibelheim
Vincent Valentine
The Basement Library

Cloud and the others arrive at Nibelheim, only to find the town almost exactly as it looked before the incident five years ago.

If Tifa is in the party...

Tifa
What---!!

She turns to Cloud.

This was all supposed to be burnt down, right?

Cloud
...I thought so.

Tifa
Then why...? My house is still there too...

    Barret
    The hell's goin' on!? This a dream or somethin'?

    Aeris
    ...somthing's strange?

    Nanaki
    I wonder what's going on...

    Yuffie
    What the...!?

    Cait Sith
    Cloud, maybe you were just dreaming...?

If Tifa is not in the party...

    Barret
    You said the whole town burnt down, right?

    Aeris
    This is Nibelheim, right? But the town's all here.

    Nanaki
    This is Nibelheim? I heard it burnt down.

    Yuffie
    I heard from someone that this town was gone!

    Cait Sith
    The whole town was destroyed by Sephiroth. At least that's what I heard...

Cloud
...Yeah.

    Barret
    You trin' to fool us!?

    Aeris
    Hey, what's going on?

    Nanaki
    Cloud... Did you lie to us?

    Yuffie
    What happened?

    Cait Sith
    Cloud, did you make up your story just to get our support?

Cloud
I'm not lying!
I remember... the intense heat of the flames...

At the inn...

Innkeeper
Hi, welcome.

Cloud
- Give me a room
- What's your story?

Give me a room

Innkeeper
It'll be 100 gil a night. Is that all right with you?

Cloud
- Yes
- Never mind.

What's your story?

This town was supposed to have been burnt down five years ago.
What the hell is going on?

Innkeeper
Sir, don't say such awful things.
I was born and raised in this town. What you say never happened.

Tifa
You're lying...

Innkeeper
EXUSE ME...... That's so rude...
If you're going to talk like that to me, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Oh, I'm so sorry. I've got lots to do...

In the kitchen is a hunched figure in a black cape.

Cloud
Man in a Black Cape?
He has a tattoo number '6'. Hmm? He has something...

Received "Luck Source!"

Clone #6
Urrr...... rrrrr...... rrrgh... must... go... to... Re... uni... on...

In the neighboring store...

Woman
Nice town, huh?
We've been in business here for a long time...

Cloud
...You're lying.

Woman
Do you have anything to do with this town?

Cloud
- How about bein' born and raised here?
- Nope, guess not

How about bein' born and raised here?

I was here until I was 14 and I don't remember you.

Woman
It's not nice to lie!!

Nope, guess not

...nothing.

Woman
Oh yeah...?

By the furnace is another clone.

Cloud
He has a tattoo of the number '12'. Mmm? He has something.

Received "Elixir"!

Clone #12
Can...... you...... hear? The... voice... of... Se... phi... ro... th......

At Cloud's house...

Woman
What is it?

Cloud
- Nothing
- I want to hear your story

Nothing

Woman
Oh, really. Then, it'll help me too.

I want to hear your story

I lived in this house until I was 14...
No, but this town was burned down.

Woman
Are you sick... saying those things?
Get out of here!

At Tifa's house...

Clone #5
...must...... get...... it... and bring... to... Se... phi... roth...
Then... become... one... with... Se... phi... roth...

Cloud
This guy's number '5'...

In the kitchen...

Cloud
He has a tattoo of the number '11'...

Clone #11
...must...... go......... Reun... ion...

In Tifa's parents' bedroom...

Cloud
Tattoo number '4'

Received "Platinum Fist!"

Clone #4
...Where... are... you...? Great... Se... phi... roth...

In Tifa's room... Cloud walks to the piano.

Cloud
But... I definitely remember playing the piano then. But why didn't it get burnt down?
Play the piano......?

On Tifa's desk is a report.

"Periodic Report to Professor Hojo"

1 Clone Activity Report

Unfortunately, no 'CLONES' have left this town this quarter.
As previously reported, the 'CLONES' seem to be sensing something.
But all they say is, 'reunion' or 'Sephiroth' and show no other signs of activity.

2 Confidentiality Report

A total of eight people have visited this town this quarter.
Fortunately, none knew about the incident five years ago.
Therefore, no one knows the town was restored exactly as it was five years ago.
Our staff, disguised as townspeople have improved their acting skills, and we do not report any problems at this time.
That is all.

In the neighboring house's attic...

Small Clone
...Re...... union.

Smaller Clone
............ion

Cloud looks back and forth between them and sighs.

Smaller Clone
..................

Outside the Shinra mansion are another two clones.

Clone
Wooooo-----ooow...... He's... calling...... Sephiroth...... is...... calling......

Clone 2
The... Great... Se... phi...... roth...... is... near......
In... side...... inside... the Mansion...... Urrrrrrrgh...... the great...... Sephi...... roth

Inside the mansion...

Letter
I must get rid of all those that stand in the way of my research. Even that one from the Turks.
I scientifically altered him, and put him to sleep in the basement. If you want to find him, then search the area.
But... this is merely a game I thought of. It is not necessary for you to participate if you don't want to.

Cloud
There seems to be another letter.
- Read it
- Ignore it

Letter
Move the dial on the safe carefully, but quickly. You have 20 seconds. You can not go past the numbers while turning. The 4 hints for the numbers are...

    dial (1)
    The lid of the box with the most oxygen.

    dial (2)
    Behind the Ivory's short of tea and ray.

    dial (3)
    The creek in the floor near the chair on the second floor... then to the left five steps, up nine steps, left two steps, and up six steps.


    The fourth row has been written in invisible ink... Dial (4) is (Right 97)

At the safe on the second floor...

Cloud
I have a bad feeling about this...
- Still open the safe
- Don't open

Cloud opens the safe and fights the Lost Number.

Received Key Item "Key to the Basement"!

The party heads down to the basement. Using the key, they enter the room with the coffins and approach the closed one in the center.

* Note: Because it's possible to get Vincent after Cid joins the party, I've included his responses here as well.

Vincent
...To wake me from the nightmare

He throws off the lid.

Who is it!?

He sits up.

...Never seen you before. You must leave.

Cloud
You were having a nightmare.

    Barret
    I woke ya up. Ya outta be thankin' me.

    Aeris
    You'll dream about bad things if you sleep in a place like THIS.

    Tifa
    How bad was your dream?

    Nanaki
    ...You don't look good.

    Yuffie
    Man, you really WERE having a bad dream! Even I feel bad!

    Cait Sith
    Aren't you glad you woke up?

    Cid
    The air's pretty heavy here. How can you sleep in a place like this?

Vincent
Hmph... a nightmare...? My long sleep has given me time to atone.

Cloud
What are you saying?

Vincent
I have nothing to say to strangers. Get out.
This mansion is the beginning of your nightmare.

Cloud
...you can say that again.

Vincent
Hmm? What do you know?

Cloud
- Don't say a thing
- Talk about Sephiroth

Don't say a thing

Vincent
I see. Then, I'll return to my nightmare...
...What? More?

Cloud
- No, good night
- Tell him about Sephiroth

Talk about Sephiroth

Cloud talks about Sephiroth.

Cloud
Like you said, this mansion is the beginning of a nightmare.
No, it's not a dream, it's for real.
Sephiroth has lost his mind. He found the secrets hidden in this mansion...

Vincent
Sephiroth!?

Cloud + Vincent
You know Sephiroth?

Vincent leaps from the coffin and lands on its edge.

Vincent
You start first.

Cloud gestures as he tells his story.

Cloud
...That's how it was.

Vincent
So Sephiroth knows he was created five years ago? And about the Jenova Project?
...He was missing, but has just recently reappeared.
He has taken many lives and is seeking the Promised Land.

* Note: Vincent's comment here is likely a translation error and should have been something like "So five years ago, Sephiroth learned that he had been created?"

Cloud
Now it's your turn.

Vincent
Sorry... I cannot speak.

    Barret
    Hey! You lyin' white-faced!

    Aeris
    That's dirty!

    Tifa
    Hmm... I'm disappointed.

    Nanaki
    What... you're serious?

    Yuffie
    Oh, that's okay. It was probably depressing anyway.

    Cait Sith
    Hey, that's not right---

    Cid
    Good! I'm not in the mood to hear long stories. Let's get the hell outta here!

Vincent
Hearing your stories, has added upon me yet another sin.
More nightmares shall come to me now, more than I previously had.

He gets back into the coffin.

Now... please leave.
...You're still here.

Cloud
- Good night
- Who are you?

Good night

Nothing happens.

Who are you?

At least tell us your name.

Vincent
I was with... the Shinra Manufacturing Department in Administrative Research, otherwise known as--the Turks...
Vincent.

Cloud
The Turks!?

Vincent
Formerly of the Turks.
I have no affiliation with Shinra now.
...And you?

Cloud
Cloud, formerly of SOLDIER.

Vincent
You were also with Shinra...? Then do you know Lucrecia?

Cloud
Who?

Vincent
......Lucrecia.

Cloud shakes his head.

Vincent
The woman who gave birth to Sephiroth.

Cloud
...gave birth...?
Wasn't Jenova Sephiroth's mother?

Vincent
That isn't completely wrong, but just a theory.
He was born from a beautiful lady.
That lady was Lucrecia.
She was an assistant to Professor Gast of the Jenova Project. Beautiful... Lucrecia.

Cloud
...A human experiment?

Vincent
There was no way to cancel the experiment.
I couldn't stop her.
That was my sin.
I let the one I loved, the one I respected most, face the worst.

    Barret
    That why you started sleepin' in a box? Gimme a break!

    Aeris
    So your punishment was to sleep? That's... kinda weird.

    Tifa
    So the punishment was sleep? That's weird.

    Nanaki
    So you slept as punishment? Isn't that strange? That thinking...

    Yuffie
    OK. Boring story no. 1.

    Cait Sith
    You think that's punishing yourself? You're just sleeping.

    Cid
    You shouldn't sleep just because of that. Sleep?

Vincent lies back down.

Vincent
Let me sleep...

Cloud and the others start back down the hallway.

Vincent
Wait!
If I go with you will I meet Hojo?

Cloud
Dunno. But we're after him and Sephiroth. So, I guess sooner or later...

Vincent
Lucrecia...
All right. I've decided to go with you.

    Barret
    W, what?

    Aeris
    Sure is a quick change of heart. Huh?

    Tifa
    What? You're coming with us?

    Nanaki
    What?

    Yuffie
    Huh? Oh great just what I needed...

    Cait Sith
    What?

    Cid
    Hey, hold on sleepy. You're pretty damn pushy!

Vincent
Being a former Turks, I may be of help to you...

Cloud
All right, then.

Moving onward to the library, they find Sephiroth standing in the hallway leading to the study.

Cloud
Sephiroth!

Sephiroth
Being here brings back memories.
Are you going to participate in the Reunion?

Cloud
I don't even know what a Reunion is!

Sephiroth
Jenova will be at the Reunion. Jenova will join the Reunion becoming a calamity from the skies.

Cloud
Jenova, a calamity from the skies? You mean she wasn't an Ancient!?

Sephiroth
...I see. I don't think you have the right to participate.
I will go North past Mt. Nibel. If you wish to find out... then follow...

Cloud
...Reunion? Calamity from the skies?

Sephiroth throws a materia orb at Cloud and then flies past him out of the library.

Glass Tank
C project specimen (B) codeC
A scratch left by a fingernail inside the beaker... 'Let's get out of here...'.

Second Tank
C project specimen (A) codeZ
A scratch left by a fingernail inside the beaker... 'Feeding Time'... that's our chance...!

Escapee Report no. 1
X Month X Day
The two escapees were located near Midgar.

Escapee Report no. 2
Description of the time of capture.
A Former member of SOLDIER/Number ( )
No effect could be detected from either Mako Radiation Therapy or Jenova on him.
B Regular/Number ( )
Reaction to Jenova detected.

Escapee Report no. 3
Concerning their disposal.
A Shot for resisting.
B Escaped during A's resistance.

Escapee Report no. 4
Other
B's whereabouts is currently unknown. But, we submit there is no need to pursue him, due to his diminishing consciousness. Awaiting further instructions.

Back outside the mansion...

Clone 2
Great...... Sephi...... roth......... left us......
Over... mountains...... gone......

Cloud and the others leave Nibelheim to cross the mountains after Sephiroth.

< Cosmo Canyon | Nibelheim | Rocket Town >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Rocket Town - Meeting Cid
Exploring the Town
The Tiny Bronco
Captain Cid
Shera's Story
The Shinra's Arrival

After passing through the Nibel Mountains, Cloud and the others reach Rocket Town.

Cloud
What's that...!?

He looks up to see the rocket.

A rusty old rocket... Wonder what they'd make something that huge for?

In the Weapons Shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
A gun is a MAN'S weapon! Ain't nuthin' else'll do!
Let me handle all your weapon and accessory needs!

At the Shanghai Inn...

Man Looking at Painting
Hmm. Is it real or fake?

Barkeeper
Would you like something to drink?

Cloud
- Let me hear your story
- Not interested

Let me hear your story

Barkeeper
Did you meet the Captain already? He's really the town's representative, so you should really talk with him.

Not interested

Barkeeper
......that's too bad. Please come again.

Man at Table
Better ask the Captain about this town. He's the one in charge of it.

Cloud
- Captain?
- Did you see a man in a Black Cape?

Captain?

Who's the 'Captain'?

Man at Table
The Captain was a pilot when Shinra was still interested in their Space Program.
He was going to be the world's first astronaut, but there was an accident...
Ever since then, he's been wasting his life away here dreaming about going into outer space.

Did you see a man in a Black Cape?

Man at Table
A man in a Black Cape? Nope... don't know a thing about it.

Man at Table
A drink will ease your heart...

Man in Bathroom
...I'm in here.
P...... Urrrrgh... aaaaaghh...
Urrrrgh, urrrgh

Back outside...

Redhead
That rusted out rocket is all that remains of the Shinra's Space Program.

Mechanic
Everyone in this town was a mechanic back when they were planning to launch the rocket.

Inside the house on the left...

Man
Mmm, I'm so bored. Isn't there anything that can get me excited?

Woman
Geeeeez, it's boring! Isn't anything exciting going to happen here?

Old Man outside Item Shop
This used to be a Shinra base where they used to launch rockets.
You saw the leaning rocket, right? That's Shinra No. 26. It never got off the ground though.
It just looms there. That's how the town got its name... 'Shinra No. 26'.
Want to look at the rocket with me?

Cloud
- Yeah, let's take a look
- No, not interested

Yeah, let's take a look

Old Man
I get so impressed every time I look at it.
Sorry to get you into this. For me, it's a kinda hobby.
But, out of appreciation, let me give you this.

Received "Yoshiyuki"!

Old Man
I wish you'd take care of it and use it...

No, not interested

Old Man
Oh, how boring...

Inside the Item Shop...

Old Woman
All gramps does is gaze at that rocket all day long.
Well he's a man that really loves machinery...

Inside the house on the right...

Old Man
My job's to make everyone laugh all over the world...

At Cid's house... Cloud and the others go out to the back yard to find a plane.

Cloud
There's a Shinra logo on it. Tiny Bronco...... This is cool.

    Barret
    The Shinra always keep the most useful things to themselves. Let's steal it!

    Aeris
    Let's take it? OK, Cloud!

    Tifa
    I wonder if we can borrow it...

    Nanaki
    Will it fly? Is it all right to just take it?

    Yuffie
    Cloud, let's steal it! I love stealing from the Shinra!

    Cait Sith
    Cloud! If we steal it, we'll get in deep trouble!

    Vincent
    ...Want me to keep watch?

Shera comes out of the house behind them.

Shera
Um... may I help you?

Cloud
No... We're just looking at it.

Shera
...If you would like to use it, please ask the Captain. The Captain should be in the Rocket.
I'm Shera. And what are your names?

Cloud
I'm Cloud.

    Barret
    I'm Barret, of AVALANCHE.

    Aeris
    I'm Aeris.

    Tifa
    Tifa. Nice to meet you.

    Nanaki
    Nanaki, otherwise known as Red XIII.

    Yuffie
    I'm Yuffie!

    Cait Sith
    Fortune telling machine Cait Sith, here.

    Vincent
    Vincent. My occupation is...... forget it.

Shera
Hmm... So you're not with the Shinra.
I thought the approval for the reopening of the Space Program came.

Cloud
......!?

Shera
President Rufus is scheduled to come here. The Captain's been so restless all morning.

She goes back inside.

Cloud
Rufus!!?

Cloud goes to the rocket, and finds Cid inside.

Cid
What're you guys doin' here?

Cloud
We heard the Captain was here.

Cid
Captain? I'm the Captain!
The name's Cid. Everyone calls me 'Captain', though.
What d'ya want?

Cloud
- Tell me about this rocket
- Is Rufus coming?
- Can we borrow the "Tiny Bronco"?

Tell me about this rocket

Cid
Wow! Not bad for a kid.
Alright then, I'll explain it to you.
You know Shinra developed a lot of technological gadgets during the meaningless war, right?
Now it's a Mako company, but in the old days it was a weapons manufacturer.
Well, they came up with a Rocket Engine.
There was so much excitement about the thought of going into outer space. Our dreams got bigger and bigger.
They put a major budget into it and made prototype after prototype! Finally, they completed the Shinra No. 26.
They chose the best pilot in Shinra--no, in the world--me. I mean, come on.
And finally we get to the day of the launch. Everything was goin' well...

He kicks the wall.

But, because of that dumb-ass Shera, the launch got messed up. That's why they became so anal!
And so, Shinra nixed their outer space exploration plans.
After they told me how the future was Space Exploration and got my damn hopes up... DAMN THEM!
Then, it was all over once they found out Mako energy was profitable. They didn't even so much as look at space exploration.
Money, moola, dinero! My dream was just a financial number for them!
Look at this rusted Rocket. I was supposed to be the first man in space with this.
Everyday, it tilts a little bit more.
At this rate, I don't know which will come first, this thing falling down or me gettin' outta here.
My last hope is to talk to the President......

If Cloud leaves the rocket and comes back to ask him a second time...

Cid
Ummm... Just look around...

Is Rufus coming?

Cid
Yeah! It must be news about restarting the Space Program.
A young President, that's what we needed! He still has dreams, too!

Can we borrow the "Tiny Bronco"?

Cid
You out of your *&$^$# mind!? That's my most cherished possession. I can't let you take it.

Back at the inn...

Barkeeper
Would you like something to drink?

Cloud
- Let me hear your story

Barkeeper
Cid's had some bad breaks. It's really no one's fault he couldn't go into space.
Just bad luck, I guess...

Cloud and the others return to Cid's house.

Shera
Excuse me... Cloud?
Did the Captain say anything?

Cloud
Nope...

Shera
Oh...?

Cid enters.

Cid
^%$#! Shera. What are you, blind!?
We got guests!! GET SOME TEA! ^%$#!

Shera
I... I'm sorry.

Cloud
Really, don't mind us.

Cid
Shut up! Sit your ass down in that chair and drink your goddamn TEA!
Argggggggh! DAMN, I'm pissed!
Shera! I'll be in the backyard tunin' up Tiny Bronco!
An' make sure to serve them some tea! All right!?

He goes out back.

    Barret
    ...damn, man. Wassup with that guy's attitude?

    Aeris
    Sheesh...!! What bad manners!

    Tifa
    Poor Shera.

    Nanaki
    Who does he think he is......?

    Yuffie
    Man, this sucks...!

    Cait Sith
    Man, he sure seems wound up tight.

    Vincent
    ............

Cloud
Sorry. It's our fault.

Shera
No, no. He's always like this.

    Barret
    He always like this? That's pretty bad!

    Aeris
    Is it like this all the time? You keep quiet even when he's like that to you?

    Tifa
    Is it always like this...? Why is Cid so hard on you?

    Nanaki
    I think it's a bit too harsh.

    Yuffie
    What's his prob!? I'm gonna go clean that guy's clock!!

    Cait Sith
    Is he like this all the time...? Bitin' your head off like that? I could never stand it...

    Vincent
    ...It's amazing that you can live with it.

Shera
No... It's because of my stupid mistake.
I was the one who destroyed his dream...

Cloud
What happened?

In flashback, Cid is watching Shera as she inspects the rocket's oxygen tanks.

Cid (laughing)
Hey! Get your ass in gear! You work like a snail!
Even the moon'd get tired waitin' around for your ass!

Shera
I'm... I'm sorry.

Cid
Don't take so much time checkin' that *%$^# oxygen tank!
Shera, bein' careful's good, but it won't do any good, no matter how many times you check that oxygen tank.
That thing wouldn't break even if hell froze over.

Shera
But...

Cid
No buts!!
You're not stupid, so be more efficient!

Shera
I'm sorry......

Cid joins his crew outside the cockpit.

Men
Captain! Our dreams are finally coming true!
We are so proud to be a part of the launch of Shinra No. 26.
Captain, preparations are complete! All that's left is lift off!

Cid
Yeah! Leave it all to me! I'll be back in a few!

Men
All right, Captain! Fly our dreams into outer space!

Cid
Thanks, guys!

He enters the cockpit.

Men
We're praying for your safety!

Cid
Instrument panel... all clear. Shinra No. 26, ready for launch.

Engine pressure rising. Shinra No. 26, 3 minutes to launch. Beginning countdown.

Cid
......finally.

A red light starts flashing.

Cid
What the? What happened!?

Cid! We have an emergency situation!
A mechanic is still in the engine section of the rocket!

Cid
What!? Who is the little ^%$@!?

I don't know. Activating the intercom in the engine section.

In the engine section, Shera is still checking the oxygen tanks.

Cid
Hey goddammit!! Who the &%$#'s still in there?

Shera
It's Shera, Captain. Don't mind me, go ahead with the launch.

Cid
Shera!? What are you still doin' in there!?

Shera
I was still concerned. The results of the oxygen tank test weren't satisfactory.

Cid
You stupid little ^$#^%!
It's gonna get so hot in there that there ain't gonna be SHIT left when we blast off!
You're gonna be burnt to a crisp! You're gonna die! You know that, doncha!?

Shera
I don't mind.
If I can just fix this, the launch will be a success. I'm almost done.

Back in the cockpit...

Cid
Almost done!? You're gonna die!

Cid, we must start the countdown. We won't make it if we don't!
Starting engine!

Cid
Hey, wait a minute! Shera's still in here!

What are you going to do, Cid? If we cancel now, it'll be another six months until the next launch!

Cid
GODDAMNIT, Shera... you wanna make me a murderer?

Shera
Captain!

Cid
Shera!?

Shera
Tank Number 7 check is complete. Once I complete Tank Number 8, it's all clear.

Cid
Come on, Shera... hurry up... You're gonna die...

30 seconds until ignition. Beginning countdown.
Cid! Forget about her. We won't make it in time.

Cid
What... what am I....... What am I supposed to do...?

15 seconds until ignition. Internal temperature rising.

Cid
Oh man, the moon... outer space... my dreams...

Ignite Engine!

Cid
SH---------------IT!!

The rocket starts to take off, but the engine stalls immediately and the rocket falls back onto the launch pad. It tilts, creaking, and comes to a stop.

Shera
He pushed the Emergency Engine Shut Down switch, aborting the mission, to save my life.
After that, the Space Program was cut back and the launch was canceled.
It's my fault his dream was destroyed...
That's why... it's all right. I don't care what the Captain says, I'll live my life for him.

Cid returns.

Cid
Shera! You still haven't served 'em tea!

Shera
I... I'm sorry.

Cid sits down and props one foot up on the table.

Cid
Hurry up and sit down! Or ain't my hospitality good enough for you!?
They're late... Where is Rufus...?

Palmer comes in.

Palmer
Hey-HEY! Long time no see! So Cid, how ya been?

Cid
Well, if it ain't fat man, Palmer. How long were you figurin' on keepin' me waitin'!?

He runs over.

So? When's the Space Program gonna start up again?

Palmer
Hey-hey! I don't know. The President's outside, so why don't you ask him?

Cid
^$#&! Good for nothing, fat &$#$^@!

He goes outside.

Palmer
Don't say 'fat'!
Hey-hey! Tea!
Can I have some too? With lotsa sugar and honey and... oh yeah, don't forget the lard!

Shera
Is President Rufus here to announce that he's going to restart the Space Program?

Palmer
Hey-hey? Have we met before?
Hey-hey! Is the tea ready yet?
With plenty of sugar and honey. Oh yeah, and don't forget the lard too.

Cloud steps outside.

Cid
What the......! You got me all excited for nothing!?
Then, what'd you come here for?

Rufus
I want to borrow the Tiny Bronco.
We're going after Sephiroth. But seems like we've been going in the wrong direction.
But now, we think we know where he's headed. But, we have to cross the ocean. That's why we want your plane...

Cid
&^#^%! First the Airship, then the Rocket, and now, the Tiny Bronco.
Shinra took outer space away from me and now you want to take the sky away from me too!?

Rufus
Oh my...
You seem to forget it was because of Shinra, Inc. that you were able to fly in the first place.

Cid
What!?

Shera (from behind Cloud)
Uh, excuse me...
This way...

Cloud follows her back inside and she shuts the door behind them.

Shera
You wanted to use the Tiny Bronco, right?

Cloud nods.

Shera
I believe Palmer's going to take it. Why don't you talk to him?

Cloud and the others go out back to find Palmer on the wing of the Tiny Bronco.

Palmer
Hmm... Why do I have to do this...? I'm the head of the Space Program...

Cloud
We'll be takin' that Tiny Bronco.

Palmer
I've seen you somewhere before...
I know! The Shinra building! When the President was killed! Ulp!
Se... se... security!!

Cloud and the others fight Palmer.

Palmer
Heh-hic-heh-hic!
Heh heh hic!

He runs away, but gets hit by a Shinra truck pulling up.

Ugh!

Meanwhile the Tiny Bronco is still revving up.

    Barret
    It won't stop!

    Aeris
    It won't stop!

    Tifa
    It won't stop!

    Nanaki
    It's going to take off.

    Yuffie
    No!! It's gonna take off!

    Cait Sith
    No! It's going to take off!

    Vincent
    It's not going to stop...

Cloud
Forget it! Get in!!

They climb aboard the Tiny Bronco as it takes off with an empty cockpit. As it swoops by Cid and Rufus, Shinra soldiers start firing at it, and Cid jumps on.

Cid
Shit!! The tail's been hit!

Cloud
Emergency landing...

Cid
This's gonna be a big splash. Hold on to your drawers and don't piss in 'em!

The plane crashes into the ocean and drifts to a stop.

Cid
She won't fly anymore...

Cloud
Can't we use it as a boat?

Cid
$#&%! Do whatever you want!

Cloud
Cid, what are you going to do now?

Cid
Dunno. I'm history with the Shinra and I've given up on the town.

Cloud
How 'bout your wife? How 'bout Shera?

Cid
Wife? Don't make me laugh! Just thinkin' 'bout marryin' her gives me the chills.
What're you guys gonna do?

Cloud
We're going after a man named Sephiroth. We'll have to get Rufus of the Shinra someday too.

Cid
I don't know about any of that, but...
What the hell!? Sign me up!

Cloud
How 'bout it, everyone?

    Barret
    I don't care.

    Aeris
    I'm all for it.

    Tifa
    Of course, no problem!

    Nanaki
    I don't really care.

    Yuffie
    Whatever!

    Cait Sith
    I don't mind.

    Vincent
    ...Do whatever you like.

Cid
Glad to be aboard, numbskulls!

Cloud
Numskulls...?

Cid
Yeah. Anyone stupid enough to go up against Shinra nowadays, has GOTTA be a numskull! I like it!
So, where we headed?
Rufus was goin' after Sephiroth towards the Temple of the Ancients.

Cloud
Really!? ...Where is it? That Temple of the Ancients?

Cid
Dunno. That numskull kid was tellin' me he was headin 'The wrong direction'... so maybe it's off this way?

Cloud
Let's just head for land and get some information. Temple of the Ancients... that name bothers me.

Yuffie
.........Hm. How 'bout goin' west?
No, no reason. NO reason at all!

Cloud and the others head for land, the closest just happening to be the Wutai continent to the west.

< Nibelheim | Rocket Town | Wutai >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Wutai - Stolen Material
Stolen Materia
Arrival at Wutai
The Turks On Vacation
Lord Godo of Wutai
Yuffie Tricks Cloud Again
Corneo's New Hobby
Yuffie Returns the Materia

Climbing the Pagoda

Cloud and the others land the Tiny Bronco on the shores of Wutai and start making their way north. On a hilltop, Yuffie runs ahead and stands in their way.

* Note: Because this is an optional sidequest, it is also possible to do it when either Tifa or Cid are the party leader, so their responses are included along with Cloud's.

Yuffie
Wait, wait, wait, wai----t!!

    Barret
    What!? The hell happened, all of a sudden!?

    Aeris
    What!? What happened, all of a sudden?

    Tifa
    What the--? Did something happen?

    Nanaki
    What happened all of a sudden!? Don't scare me like that!

    Cait Sith
    Wh, wh, what is it, all of a sudden!? Don't scare me like that!

    Vincent
    What happened all of a sudden? Did something happen?

    Cid
    What the HELL is it! Shoutin' out and jumpin' in front of me all of a sudden!

Yuffie
I know this area pretty well.
It gets pretty tough past here. Better get ready...

    Barret
    ...You serious? And you sayin' that just now means you're up to somethin'! Right!?
    That means, I don't trust you.

    Aeris
    ......Hmmm... Something's fishy...
    You're not planning something sneaky again, are you?

    Tifa
    ...Really? Something's telling me I still shouldn't trust you.
    Are you thinking of tricking us again...?

    Nanaki
    Hmm, ... Smells fishy.
    My nose never lies!

    Cait Sith
    You serious? I can't trust a person like you.
    But, I guess I'm not one to talk.

    Vincent
    Further down? I don't see any signs of danger...
    Also, there's something unnatural in the way Yuffie's acting...

    Cid
    Hey! You, serious?
    If you're trying to con us, you won't get away with it!

Yuffie
No! It's REALLY tough...

Soldiers
There they are, catch 'em!!

Shinra soldiers run in.

    Barret
    The Shinra!!

    Aeris
    Hey, the Shinra......!?

    Nanaki
    It's Shinra!!

    Cait Sith
    That's Sh... Shinra's......

    Cid
    What, the Shinra!?

Shinra Soldier
Hey, that's not them! These are the other guys from before!!

    Barret
    Yuffie, so you're...!

    Aeris
    Yuffie, did you by any chance...

    Tifa
    Yuffie, you're not......!

    Nanaki
    So you were, Yuffie...!!

    Cait Sith
    Not bad, Yuffie, not bad at all.

    Vincent
    So what does this mean... You will explain this later...

    Cid
    Yuffie! You sure got some nerve, kid!

Yuffie
I didn't know! I have nothing to do with this one!

    Barret
    Whaddya mean 'this one'!? 'This one'!
    So you WERE plannin' somethin'!!

    Aeris
    This one? What do you mean 'THIS one'?
    So you WERE up to something bad!

    Tifa
    This one? Did you just say 'THIS one'?
    So you WERE trying to pull something off!

    Nanaki
    What do you mean 'this one' 'THIS one'!
    So you were concocting some evil scheme!!

    Cait Sith
    This one? What do you mean 'THIS one'?
    So you had something else that you're planning to trick us with!

    Vincent
    What do you mean, 'This one'?
    You had something else in mind?

    Cid
    Whaddya mean 'THIS one'! 'THIS one'!
    So you WERE planning some crooked $%*&!!

Yuffie
No, umm, uh......

Shinra Soldiers
What should we do!?
Uh...... Get them! Grab them and ask questions later!!

The soldiers run to attack Cloud and the others, and Yuffie runs off in the confusion.

    Barret
    The hell's goin' on!?
    I knew somethin' was missing. All my materia's gone!!

    Aeris
    What's going on!?
    I thought something was missing... my materia's all gone!!

    Tifa
    What's going on!?
    I thought something was fishy... My, my materia is missing!!

    Nanaki
    What's going on?
    I thought something was funny, my materia, disappeared!!

    Cait Sith
    What's going on!?
    Something's missing, and it's my materia-it's all gone!!

    Vincent
    I thought something was wrong, So that's it.
    Look, my materia's been stolen...

    Cid
    What the hell's goin' on!
    I knew I was missing something... My materia's gone!!

    Barret
    Yo... where's that $#@^% Yuffie...?

    Aeris
    Hey... where's Yuffie...?

    Nanaki
    Hey... where's Yuffie...?

    Cait Sith
    Now... where's Yuffie...?

    Cid
    Ey... where the hell's that damn kid...?

They all look around.

    Barret
    That &*&$ kid!!!
    Grrrrrgh!! Arrrrrgh Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!!
    She was after our materia from the start!!
    She went North! When I get my hand on her, I'll get our materia back!
    C'mon! We're goin' after her!

    Aeris
    I'm so------ mad!!
    She was probably eyeing our materia from the beginning.
    Seems like she headed North. Let's hurry after her and get our materia back!

    Tifa
    She's done it to us again!!
    I'm never gonna forgive her!
    She was after our materia from the beginning.
    I won't let her get away with it! I'm pretty sure she ran off North. Let's go after her!!

    Nanaki
    ZOUNDS!!
    Grrrrrrrrrgh...... Grrrgh! Grrrrrrgh!!
    Her objective was stealing our materia from the beginning.
    ...sniff... North! She ran off to the North!
    I'm not going to let her get away with this! Hurry, hurry! We have to get our materia back!

    Cait Sith
    She's done it again!
    She sure took us for fools!
    She must've been after our materia from the beginning.
    We can't just let her get away, right? Then, let's hurry after her! Which way? It's North, the North! It's a message from the stars!

    Vincent
    Inexcusable...
    Seems as though all that she was after was our materia.
    We can't just let her get away. She ran off...... to the North...
    We must go after her and retrieve our materia back.

    Cid
    That little ^%#^$@!!
    Takin' me for a fool!!
    No doubt about it! That kid was after my materia from the start!!
    Hmm... Seems like she went North.
    Don't be draggin' your asses! We're going right NOW! That $#@^ is history!!

If Cloud tries to get back in the Tiny Bronco to leave...

    Cloud
    ...First, I gotta do something about her.

    Tifa
    I can't just leave it there...

    Cid
    Damn kid! I'll get her no matter what!

They go north and arrive in Wutai, where they immediately spot Yuffie.

Yuffie
Hey!!

She runs off.

Outside Yuffie's house..

Yuffie
This is MY house! Nobody gets in!

Man on the Path to Godo's House
Lord Godo is in this house.
He used to be quite strong, but now, all he does is sleep......
What, Yuffie... It's best to ask Lord Godo about that.
But today he's not in the best of... Well, I should say... But really he's not so......

In the Weapons shop...

Weapons Shopkeeper
Sorry, listen I... No, nothing... never mind.

Man
Sorry, but we're entirely sold out now.
What's this here? Ah, no... that's uh...
...a sample! Yeah, that's it... a sample. Sorry, but why don't you all come back later?

The local pub, Turtle's Paradise... Outside is a flyer.

Pub [Turtle's Paradise] Publicity Flyers! Notice
[Turtle's Paradise] is now having a Publicity flyer campaign.
They will be posted all over the world. So make sure you look for our flyers that say "Turtle's Paradise"
There's six in all. If you find them all, make sure to let the owner of Turtle's Paradise know. You can win a prize!
Just reading them's good enough, so please don't take them down or rip them up!!
--Owner, Turtle's Paradise

Barkeeper
Hey, hey, welcome! You on a trip? Well, just relax and make yourself at home.
Nowadays, thanks to tourism, Wutai's able to get by.

Man
Hey. Did you hear? There used to be a Water God here in Wutai.
They say the Water God was a huge snake!
Now we live in a world filled with Mako. Not many people would believe in something like that now.
But some in the world, and here in Wutai, still believe.
Believe in the scales of the Water God and in materia that has its power in it.

Cloud walks up to the Turks - Reno, Rude, and Elena - who are drinking at a table.

Elena
Yy, you!? How did you get here...?

She jumps up.

Never mind that. I guess it's fate that brought us together.
Get ready to die!!

Cloud and the others ready their weapons. Reno and Rude don't move.

Reno
...Elena, you talk too much.

Elena
Ww, what?

Reno
What are we doing way out here in the middle of nowhere?

Elena
We're taking our vacation and resting up from our work.

Reno
Now our vacation is ruined.

Elena
B, but...

Rude
...even the booze tastes bad now.

Elena
...sorry...

She sits back down, and Cloud relaxes.

Elena
Hmm, you're lucky all right. Now get out of my sight!
The next time we meet I won't be so nice.

Reno
Drink, Rude! How long have we been a team...?
There have been hard times being a Turk, but all in all, I'm glad I did it.
I even got to meet a bunch of wing nuts like you.

Rude
To the Turks... To Reno... cheers!

Outside the Item Shop, a little kid is running around.

Little Kid
Alright, alright, alright! I know!
On the side of the mountain, right there in your face is Da-chao!
I hear you can climb to the top, but since it's dangerous I'd be mighty careful if I were you!
A girl with materia? No, there hasn't been anyone climbing Da-chao for some time now.
You know I've noticed that there's pounding noise from time to time in this store.

Man on the Path to Godo's House
Lord Godo is in this house.
He used to be quite strong, but now, all he does is sleep......
Anyhow, for some reason Yuffie's had a fondness for materia ever since I can remember.
She's always hung around places she thought might have it.

In the Item Shop...

Item Shopkeeper
We got a lot of different stuff here. Take what you want.

Woman
I'm sorry. The sign outside says "Materia", but there's almost no materia left anywhere in Wutai.
Listen, this is just a backwoods town. We don't have much to do with Shinra, and besides...
If we had a lot of materia, Wutai would be a much more exciting town, but we don't...

Cloud opens the nearby treasure chest.

Received "MP Absorb" Materia!

Yuffie jumps down from above.

Stole "MP Absorb" Materia!

Woman
Huh? What? You DID?

Cloud continues up the path towards Godo's house.

Man outside Godo's House
That five-storied pagoda over there is called the Pagoda of the Five Mighty Gods...
The Five Gods are Power, Speed, Magic, War and Omni, who has the best characteristics of everything.
Since ancient times, we in Wutai, have worshipped Da-chao and the Water God.
Legend has it that the village has been protected by Da-chao, the Water God, and the Five Mighty Gods.
But in the last battle, we didn't fare so well... I guess our beliefs were based on nothing more than legends.

Inside the pagoda...

Gorky
...

If Cloud tries to run upstairs...

Gorky
Freeze!
You aren't from Wutai, are you?

Cloud
- No
- Yes

No

Gorky
Only those from Wutai are allowed in the tower!
I'll have to ask for you to leave!

Yes

Gorky
Hey! I hate people who lie about their identities! Leave this tower at once!

Inside Godo's house, they find Godo lying on a futon.

Godo
GOOGAH... what do you want?
Don't have... GAH... anything much but, you should be able to... GOO... rest yourselves here. GOGAH... make yourselves at home.
......Yuffie? ......nope, never heard of her. ...GOOGO...
...you again? I told you once, and I'm telling you again, I don't know her.

He sits up.

Listen, I said I didn't know her! There isn't anyone named Yuffie here in Wutai!

He gets to his feet and turns to face Cloud.

...never seen you around here before...
Lately I've been seeing a lot of Shinra soldiers around here... You wouldn't have anything to do with that would you?
I don't care about who you are.
But if you're in trouble with the Shinra, I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
I don't want the Shinra hanging around here looking over my shoulder.

Yuffie
What's with you, you coward!

She jumps down from the ceiling to stand in his doorway.

Godo
Yuffie......!

Yuffie
You scared of the Shinra?
Then why don't you fall into line and obey them, just like all of the other towns!

She runs into the room.

Those guys are the ones who are really fighting the Shinra!

Godo
Shut up! What would you know about this?

Yuffie
You get beaten once, and then that's it?
What happened to the mighty Wutai I used to know?

Godo
No kid like you's going to talk to me like that!
You keep acting like that! You ought to be ashamed of yourself!

Yuffie
That's my style! And it's my own business, not yours! Don't you try and dictate what I should do!

Godo
Style...? Dictate...?
Throwin' around all those fancy words... You're a miserable daughter!

Yuffie
Hmph! You're a sad excuse for a father!!

She runs out and into the shrine down the hall. Godo starts to chase after her, but gives up and returns to his room.

Godo
......take your things and get out of here now.
To protect Wutai, we cannot afford to stand up to Shinra.

Man on the Path to Godo's House
She's always getting into fights. But in that, she takes after Godo to a tee.
Like father like daughter...
Yuffie's like that, you know. Sometimes she'll just bust into people's houses.
Then she hides in the shadows... Just like a little kid.

Woman Walking near River
Life is just like the flowing of a river. It flows from the large ocean of life, and eventually it returns back to it.
Wutai is a historical place. There are some very unusual things here you should see.
Yuffie? I saw her a while ago. She must be in one of the houses around here.

At the old man's house...

Boy
Oh no! More weirdos
No, these aren't like the one from a while ago, but these ones look weird too!

Old Man
Well, well. Long time no see. What have you been up to? Let's see... what was your name?

Boy
No, Gramps! This isn't anyone you know! This is just some stranger who barged into our house!
What are we going to do, Gramps? Some strange-looking girl came in here a minute ago and I...

Cloud pushes aside a screen to reveal Yuffie hiding behind it.

Yuffie
......

She dashes out of the house.

Old Man
Oh, how exciting. You a friend of my grandson's?

Boy
No, Gramps! These guy's are creepy! They're runnin' all over the place!

Man on the Path to Godo's House
She's always getting into fights. But in that, she takes after Godo to a tee.
Like father like daughter...
That reminds me, Lately I've been seeing a kid around here that reminds me of Yuffie.
Always sneakin' around corners And into somethin' she shouldn't be.

If Cloud tries to leave Wutai...

    Barret
    Wait, that damn Yuffie's still gotta be somewhere in this cheap town! Or you all jes' gonna go on?

    Aeris
    I don't think she came out from here... Is that ok?

    Tifa
    Knowing Yuffie, she's still hidden somewhere in town. You sure?

    Nanaki
    I know she hasn't left town! You still want to leave?

    Vincent
    She couldn't have left town... I think she is must still be here... Or do you want to go on?

    Cid
    You lettin' that damn kid off the hook? I know she's gotta be in this town somewhere!

Outside the Turtle's Paradise, there is a barrel that's jiggling. Cloud and the others position themselves near the escape routes and then open it. Yuffie jumps out and tries to get away, but finds herself surrounded.

    Cloud
    You can't get away, Yuffie.

    Tifa
    Give it up, Yuffie!

    Cid
    You lost, Yuffie.

Yuffie
O... ok, I know... I was wrong......
You win. I'll give you back your materia...

She leads them to her house, just as two soldiers run into Turtle's Paradise.

Shinra Soldier
So our reports were right! He IS here on vacation!
We've finally found him! Get the Turks here for back-up!

Reno
...what a drag.

Shinra Soldier
Wh, what was that...?

Reno
Right now we're off duty and can't run off to save your butts.

Shinra Soldier
We know you're off duty, but...

Reno
If you knew that, then don't bother us! Lookin' at you is makin' me sober.

Shinra Soldier
But you all have orders from headquarters to look for him too!

There is a pause. Reno says nothing.

Shinra Soldier
All right, that's it! We'll get him without any help from the Turks, just you see!

The two soldiers run out. One comes back momentarily.

Shinra Soldier
And don't think that headquarters isn't going to hear about this!!

He leaves again.

Elena
Reno, do you think that was really such a good idea!?
I mean is that the way a professional, a Turk would act!?

Reno
Elena. Don't misunderstand.
A pro isn't someone who sacrifices himself for his job. That's just a fool.

Elena
Rude...?

Rude
.........

Elena
Well, I don't buy that! Goodbye!!

She runs out.

Rude
.........

Reno
Relax. She's not a child. Let her have her way now...

At Yuffie's house...

Yuffie
I know, the materia, right? I have it stored in a safe place. ...Follow me.

She leads them down to the basement, a training room.

Flyer on Wall
[Turtle's Paradise] No. 6
Drink at the "Turtle's Paradise" And talk about Wutai!
You'll know "Turtle's Paradise" by the big pot outside!!

Yuffie...I've been hearing that ever since I was little. Before I was born, Wutai was a lot more crowded and more important...
You saw what it looks like now, right? ...JUST a resort town...
After we lost the war, we got peace, but with that, we lost something else. Now look at Wutai...
That's why... if I had lots of materia I could...

She starts crying.

    Cloud
    Listen, Yuffie. I don't care about the history of Wutai or your feelings.
    You've got our materia and I want it back... now.
    If you give it back now, we'll drop the whole thing.

    Tifa
    I'm sorry, Yuffie. I know how you feel, but we need materia too.
    ...We just can't let you have it. Please understand.

    Cid
    ......Dammit, Yuffie. We ain't got time to be listening to your life story.
    If you want materia, get it yourself. That's how you should do it.

Yuffie
I know. I know that...
That... sniff... switch... the lever on the left...... materia's... sniff, hic... in there.

Barret
Ain't nuthin' we can do about it...

Aeris
I feel bad, but......

Tifa
Now, the Materia...

Nanaki
Were we a little too harsh on her?

Cait Sith
Well, let's get our materia back.

Vincent
There was nothing else to do.

Cid
Hmmph... I dunno......

Cloud
- Flip the Left Lever
- Flip the Right Lever

Regardless of which lever he pulls, a cage comes down atop the party members.

    Barret
    Wh...what the hell is this!?

    Aeris
    Eyaaaaah

    Tifa
    Eyaaaaah

    Nanaki
    Wh, what are you doing!?

    Cait Sith
    Wh, what is this!?

    Vincent
    !?

    Cid
    Whoa!?

Yuffie
Ha ha ha------! Never trust anyone that easily!! / Ha ha------! You should've listened!!
The Materia's mine! Tough!
You want your materia? Then go find it yourself!
Yeah that's right. And when you're looking for the materia, remember you gotta steel it.
He heh... steel... steel! Get it?
C ya!!

She runs off. If Cloud tries to run after her without helping the others...

    Barret
    Y, yo, wait up!!

    Aeris
    Wait, don't leave us!

    Tifa
    W...wait don't leave us here!

    Nanaki
    Help us first!

    Cait Sith
    Hey help us...please!

    Vincent
    Wait, don't go by yourself!

    Cid
    Hey! Help me first!

Cloud frees the others from the cage and they go looking for her.

At the Turtle's Paradise...

Barkeeper
Seems like the town got really boisterous since you arrived. Did anything happen?

Reno
......It's just that we're off duty!
I don't feel like drinking with you. And don't talk to me.

Rude
.........

Cloud goes to the bell near Godo's house to find the gate open. When he rings the bell, a hidden door opens. Going inside, he finds Yuffie being abducted by a man in black.

Yuffie
Let go! I SAID let GO!
Hey! Who do you think I...... OW! What're you doin'...? Jerk!

    Cloud
    You......!

    Tifa
    Oh! You're......!

    Cid
    Ww, who are you!?

Corneo
......ho..... ...............ho.........
Hohi, hohi! Hohihi!

    Cloud
    Corneo!?

    Tifa
    Don Corneo!?

    Cid
    The hell are you doing!

Corneo
Hohi!
I've finally got a new chicky!
Two for one, in fact! Hohi, hohi!

Cloud, Tifa, or Cid
Two!?

Elena
H......hey! Let go of me! You're gonna regret this!!

Corneo
Hohi, hohi! Hohihi!

Corneo and his lackeys run off, and Cloud follows them into the shrine. Three Shinra soldiers cut Corneo off.

Shinra Soldier
There he is! It's Corneo! Don't let him get away!
Attaaaack!

Corneo runs to the side, and the soldiers attack Cloud and the others instead. Back outside Godo's house, they find Reno and Rude.

Reno
Hmm... that Corneo is good at escaping...

Rude
......Elena.

Reno
Let's go, Rude. We'll give them a taste of what the Turks can do.

Rude nods and runs off.

Reno
......Sounded pretty good.

He turns to Cloud.

If Elena is in his hands, that's going to make things a little difficult.
And uh...

    Cloud
    ......Ok. Corneo took Yuffie from us.
    And without Yuffie, there's no way we'll get our materia back.

    Tifa
    ......all right. Corneo stole Yuffie from us, as well.
    And without her, there's no way we'll get our materia back.

    Cid
    ......that's just beautiful! And now that *#$^@'s walked off with Yuffie, too!
    And without that brat, we can't get our hands on our materia!

Reno
Don't misunderstand.
We have no intention of joining you. But for now, we'll agree not to bother each other. That's all.

    Cloud
    That's fine. We have absolutely no intention of cooperating with the Turks either.
    Now, uh, just what direction did Corneo run off to?

    Tifa
    The same goes for us. We don't want to be friendly with the Turks.
    Now which direction did Corneo run off in?

    Cid
    Of course! There ain't no way we'd wanna join up with the Turks anyway!
    Anyhow, which direction did that %^$*& run off in?

Reno
Hmm, nice attitude. Here's a clue, it's the place that stands out the most.

Reno runs off.

Man on the Path to Godo's House
Two girls just went off towards Da-chao. I wonder if that place is starting to become popular with the kids?
One had herself all tangled up in a rope. And the other one kind of looked like Yuffie.

Little Kid
Alright, alright, alright! I saw an old man in flashy clothes running towards Da-chao!
He was babblin' somethin' and looked like he could float! It almost bowled me over!

Cloud arrives at Da-chao.

Reno
You're finally here. We're gonna split into two.
You do whatever you want. But don't endanger Elena.
Don't worry. We won't do anything to that girl, Yuffie.
For now...

Following Reno up the mountain...

Reno
Don't fool around. You know the enemy's not gonna wait for us, right?

Following Rude...

Rude
......

In the end they find Corneo holding Yuffie and Elena tied to the face of a statue, observing them from the palm of the statue's hand.

Yuffie
LET... ME...... GO!!!!

Corneo
Hmm! Delicious... scrumptious! I think I've just found a new HOBBY!
Which shall it be? Hmm... Hmm...
Should I go... with HER?

Elena
He... hey, I'm one of the 'Turks'! Don't think you can get away with this!?

Corneo
Or... maybe... HER?

Yuffie
Oh GAWD! If I knew this was gonna happen, I would've taken rope escape lessons more seriously!!

Corneo
Hmm!!! I've made my choice! My companion for the night will be......
...the cheerful one!

Yuffie
GROSS-NESS!
Don't mess with me old man! You don't even have any Materia!

Corneo
Oooooh! And she's saucy, too! Wheee! Wheee!

    Cloud
    All right, that's it!!

    Tifa
    Hold it right there!

    Cid
    Hey, hey, hey! That's as far as you go!

Corneo
Hee-haw. What... what's goin' on!? Who's there?

Cloud and the others run in.

Yuffie
Oh man! Cloud......!

Or, if Tifa:

Oh man! Tifa......!

Or, if Cid:

Oh man! That old fart, Cid......!

Corneo
Wheeel... long time no see.

Cloud
Don't tell me you forgot...

    Barret
    You damn Midgar hyena...!

    Aeris
    You just don't get it, do you...!?

    Tifa
    That fall into the trap really hurt!

    Nanaki
    Hurry and let the two go!

    Cait Sith
    Listen you stupid, slimy, sleazy old scab bag! If you want to get women, there's such a thing as the RIGHT way!

    Vincent
    I don't care what you're doing, so much as the idiotic way you're doing it...

    Cid
    Maybe God'd forgive an ugly ^#@# like you, but I won't!

Corneo
Be quiet! None of you know how much I've suffered since then...
It's a long story, but......

    Cloud
    I don't really care! Let Yuffie and Elena go!

    Tifa
    We don't want to hear it! Just let the two go!

    Cid
    I don't really give a damn! You're gonna let the two girls go, or else I'm gonna break your arm!

Corneo
Hmm... You guys are... serious. ......Good, good.
...this ain't no time for me to be fooling around either...
Why did you kill my little Aps?
I'm gonna make you PLAY with my new pet, so you won't get in the way of my search for a bride!
RAPPS---come here!!

Cloud and the others fight and defeat Rapps.

Corneo
Wait...
Just wait a second!

    Cloud
    SHUT UP!

    Tifa
    You better say your prayers!

    Cid
    Don't be such a poor loser, old man!

Corneo
Just listen to me - it won't take long.
Why do you think a bad guy like me would swallow his pride and plead for his life?

Cloud, Tifa, or Cid
- 1 Because he's ready to die
- 2 Because he's sure to win
- 3 Because he's clueless

1 Because he's ready to die

Corneo
Hmm...! WRONG...!

2 Because he's sure to win

Corneo
Hmm...! RIGHT!

3 Because he's clueless

Corneo
Hmm...! Close, but no cigar...!

Corneo pushes a button and Elena and Yuffie flip upside down.

Elena
Eyaaaah...!

Yuffie
Makes me so MAD...!

Corneo
If I push this button, they'll fall upside down, and we'll have a SQUASHED TOMATOES!

Cloud
Damn...!

    Barret
    Damn dirty-playin' $#%@&T$*^%$!

    Aeris
    All right...

    Tifa
    Coward!

    Nanaki
    Grrrrrgh...!

    Cait Sith
    You sure are vulgar!

    Vincent
    ......!

    Cid
    So this is how a loser lives...!

Corneo
Now, give me your women too!
Ha, ha, ha, ha! I guess I'm the one laughing last!

Reno
No, that would be us.

Corneo
Hee-haw. What... what's goin' on!? Who's there?

Enter Reno.

Corneo
...The Turks!

Reno
You knew this was gonna happen ever since you leaked that secret.
We're going to take care of you... personally.

Corneo
DAMMIT! Then they're all goin' with me!

Rude runs in from behind and throws something at Corneo, who falls to the edge of the hand.

Corneo
Ugh...!

Reno
Good timing, Rude.

Rude
...Let's get to work.

Reno walks over to Corneo and steps on his fingers.

Reno
All right, Corneo. This'll be over quick, so listen up.
Why do you think we went to all the trouble of teaming up with those guys to get you...?
1. Because we were ready to die
2. Because we were sure of victory
3. Because we were clueless

Corneo
Two... Number two?

Reno
All wrong.

He grinds his foot into Corneo's hand.

Corneo
No...! Wait, sto......!

He loses his grip and falls.

Aaaaaaaaaa......p

Reno
The correct answer was...

Rude
...because it's our job.

Elena
Oh, thank you very much...!
I never expected you'd to come help......

Reno
Elena, don't act so weak.
You're a Turks!

Elena
Y... Yes, sir!

    Barret
    Never thought you'd come an' help us...

    Aeris
    Thanks for your help.

    Tifa
    Th... Thanks.

    Nanaki
    I'll just say you... helped.

    Cait Sith
    You guys have some good in you.

    Vincent
    It would appear thanks are in order...

    Cid
    I guess, thanks for today.

Rude
......

Reno's cell phone rings, and he answers it.

Reno
Yes... this is Reno.
Yes... Yes... I'll get on it right away.

Elena
Was that the company?

Reno
Yeah, they want us to find Cloud...

Cloud and the others ready their weapons.

Rude
Are we on...?

Reno
No, today we're off duty.

Yuffie
Hey---who cares about that!? Get----me-----down----!

Back at Yuffie's house. She darts around putting the materia back in its slots.

Yuffie
Phew, perfect. Now the materia is back in its rightful place.

    Cloud
    Hey... the placement of it is all messed up.

    Tifa
    Hey, what is this...? The placement of it's all messed up!

    Cid
    What the hell's goin' on!? The placement of the materia's all messed up!

Yuffie
Huh? Oh, it'll be all right...
Don't be so picky!
Anyways, that sure was close......
No, normally I would kick their butts, Boom, Bang!!

She shakes her fist and turns away.

That Corneo guy's a real pain.

Behind her back, Cloud and the others exchange looks.

Yuffie
I'd rather deal with my dad than deal with that guy.

Cloud and the others walk out.

Yuffie
Oh, by the way, some of those guys from the Turks are good, huh?
At least, after all that, we got the materia back.
Now come on everybody, let's continue our journey...

She turns around to notice they've gone.

......Hey!! W...... Wait!
Oh, all right. Here, I'll give this to you guys.

She runs into her room to grab something and comes back out.

Here, look, look!

Received "MP Absorb" Materia!

Yuffie
.........
Come on, wait---!

She runs out after them.

No matter what anyone says, I'm going with you!
...next time......

After everything has died down, they can go back to Wutai so Yuffie can climb the pagoda.

Woman Walking near River
Materia is like Life. They both come from the large ocean of life, and both must return to it.

In the Weapons Shop...

Man
Listen, I'm sorry about last time. Yuffie told me not to sell anything to you.

Weapons Shopkeeper
Hey yo! Welcome!
Strike while the iron's hot, I say! We got some of the best blades right out of the furnace!

Little Kid
Alright, alright, alright! I know!
On the side of the mountain, right there in your face is Da-chao!
I hear you can climb to the top, but since it's dangerous I'd be mighty careful if I were you!
Why Da-chao? Alright, alright, alright! I don't know!

Cloud and the others enter the pagoda.

If Yuffie is in the party and they try to proceed to the second floor without fighting...

Gorky
Freeze!
Miss Yuffie! You cannot go on to the second floor until you defeat me!

Gorky
Oh, Miss Yuffie! Will you be climbing the pagoda today?

Yuffie
- Yeah, that's it
- No way!

Gorky
Then I, Sacred Gorky, will be your opponent on the first floor!

A boy runs down from upstairs.

Shake
Yo! They call me Shake! I'll be watchin' your fight with Gorky!

Gorky
Then, begin!
Power Change!

Yuffie fights Gorky.

If she loses...

Gorky
It's just my opinion, but you need more training! Gorky is disappointed!

Shake
No good! You have to do Gorky! Are you mocking this Pagoda?

Yuffie
Shut up! Shut up! SHADDUP!

If she wins...

Gorky
Here I am, Miss Yuffie!

Yuffie
Of course!

Shake
Hmm, I thought you were just a wild girl, but you handled that pretty well!
Well, we'll see how you do on next one...

Shake goes upstairs, and Yuffie follows.

Yuffie
Who's next?

Shake
Are you blind? I'm right here!

Yuffie
What? I gotta fight a punk?

Shake
Heh! Punk. I'm more of an adult than some bimbo girl!

Yuffie
Wh, what did you say!?

Shake
See what I mean? That kind of anger's what makes you so immature!
Don't pat yourself on the back until you beat me!

Yuffie
Now watch...!

Shake
'bout the only thing you do really good is breathe! Sure you're brave enough to fight!

Yuffie
- Stop yappin'!
- I'll forgive you

Stop yappin'!

Shake
Hm, so someone finally got past Gorky.

I'll forgive you

Shake
So when it comes down to it, you're just all talk. Brat!

A woman comes down from upstairs.

Chekhov
So, I guess it's time for Chekhov to stand in...

Shake
Here I go, brat! Speed Change!

If Yuffie tries to go to the next floor prematurely...

Shake
Hey, you there! Don't ignore me!

Yuffie fights Shake.

If she loses...

Shake
HYAAAAAAH! BRATBRATBRATBRAT!!

Chekhov
You can't go to the next floor unless you beat Shake.

Yuffie
Shut up! Shut up! SHADDUP!

If she wins...

Shake
URRGRAAAAGH! So you CAN fight a bit!

Yuffie
Of course!

Chekhov
Ho, ho, ho... It's been a while since I felt pain...

Chekhov goes upstairs, and Yuffie follows. A man comes down from the fourth floor.

Staniv
So even Shake's been defeated. It's been a while since you had to fight, Chekhov.

Chekhov
Unfortunately, this is as far as it goes. Staniv, you watch over there.

Yuffie
That ain't going to happen! I'll teach you about the strength of youth!

Chekhov
Keep mouthing off like that, little girl, and you're going to get burned.

Yuffie
- I got insurance
- Let's get this over with, old bag

I got insurance

Chekhov
Ho, ho, ho. We'll see if you still talk like that after you taste some of my Sacred Magic...
Magic Change!

Let's get this over with, old bag

Chekhov
Ho, ho, ho. What do you expect from a child barely out of diapers!?

Staniv
First, Chekhov will keep you company...

If Yuffie tries to go to the next floor prematurely...

Chekhov
How dare they mock us like that, thinking they could sneak past us.

Yuffie fights Chekhov.

If she loses...

Chekhov
Ho, ho, ho! What does a immature young child know...?

Staniv
So this IS the average person's limit...

Yuffie
Shut up! Shut up! SHADDUP!

If she wins...

Chekhov
I can't believe you beat me...

Yuffie
Of course!

Staniv
This should be interesting...! It's been a long time since I've had a chance to use my powers to their fullest...

Staniv goes upstairs, and Yuffie follows.

Staniv
The rule is the best fighter on each floor will be your opponent... Although it's a five-storied pagoda, the fourth floor is the highest...
In other words, no one has ever defeated me--Master of Weaponry!
You still want to try...?

Yuffie
- Just come on!!
- I'll pass!

Just come on!!

Staniv
I like you! Now watch...
Weapon Change!

I'll pass!

Staniv
You don't seem like the kind of person who can make it to the fourth floor without a problem...

If Yuffie tries to go to the next floor prematurely...

Staniv
HAAAAH!

The door closes.

Yuffie fights Staniv.

If she loses...

Staniv
How unfortunate! It was over before I could even put all of my strength into it...

Yuffie
Shut up! Shut up! SHADDUP!

If she wins...

Staniv
Wh, what...!?

Yuffie
Of course!

The others start coming up from the lower floors.

Gorky
Splendid! Your level and skills have improved...

Shake
Oh, ho! You might not be as much of a child as we thought you were!

Chekhov
Of course. If WE lost to her...

Staniv
You have defeated four of our best, but now you will have to face HIM......!

He goes upstairs, and the others follow. Yuffie finds the four of them assembled on the fifth floor, along with Godo.

Gorky
......

Shake
Sh......!

Chekhov
...

Staniv
......

Yuffie
D, ...Dad!?

Godo
I'm glad you made it this far, Yuffie!

Yuffie
Why, why are you......

Godo
I'll answer you by having you try your skills against me!
Hold nothing back. Come as if you're trying to kill me! If you don't... then I'll have to kill you!

Yuffie
H... hey!

Godo
What are you doing! OMNI-Change! ......!!

Yuffie fights Godo.

If she loses...

Yuffie
Dammit......

Godo
Ohhh! And what was that!? Come back when you get more training!

When Yuffie tries again...

Yuffie
I'll show you this time, you old Fart-meister!

Godo
Hmm? A slight improvement.
Come at me with all you have! OMNI-Change! ......!!

After winning the battle, both lie sprawled on the floor panting.

Yuffie
...heave...... heave...

Godo
...huff...... puff......

Yuffie
O... old coot... n...... ot... bad...

Godo
You've...... also...... improved...

Yuffie
Hah... Ha, ha......

Godo
...Heh, heh......

Yuffie
Ha ha haaaaaa......!

Godo
Waha haaaaa......!

They eventually get up off the floor and compose themselves.

Godo
It's time I gave this to you, Yuffie...
This is Leviathan Materia. Take it.

Received "Leviathan" Materia!

Staniv
But, Lord Godo. The Leviathan Materia should only be given to the person who conquers and takes over this Pagoda. That is our custom...

Yuffie
CUSTOM, CUSTOM, CUSTOM... I'm so sick of hearing that!
It's so stupid!

Gorky
Silence, Miss Yuffie!

Yuffie
Then what 'bout the rest of you? You have all that power...
Are you satisfied being cooped up in this tower?

Godo
Yuffie...!

Yuffie
You too, dad...! Just because you lost the war!
And turning Wutai into a place like this!

Chekhov
...What do you want to say?

Yuffie
You turned Wutai into a cheesy resort town peddling to tourists...
How dare you!? Da-chao Statue and Leviathan are ashamed!!

Godo
...

Shake
She IS a kid.

Yuffie
Wh, what did you say...!?

Godo
Yuffie!!
Forgive me... It's all my fault...

Gorky
What are you saying, Lord Godo!

Godo
Losing the war... turning Wutai into this. It was all my fault...

Chekhov
Lord Godo!

Godo
Silence!!
Yuffie......
I am the same now as I was before when I wanted the war.
But, after I lost the war, I began to think...
Is strength, only for defeating the enemy?
...or just something to show-off to others...?
Might begets might.
That's the same way as the Shinra...

Yuffie
......

Godo
I knew you were looking for Materia for the good of Wutai.
But, the reason I hide my strength now, is also for the good of Wutai...
And now, I realize both are necessary...
Strength without determination means nothing. And determination without strength is equally useless...!

Staniv
Lord Godo...

Godo
You there, please take Yuffie with you!
I perceive that you all have both determination and strength!

    Barret
    Jes' don't do nothin' funny to our Materia...!

    Aeris
    All right. We'll take your daughter with us.

    Tifa
    ...after that, how can we refuse?

    Nanaki
    As long as she doesn't get in our way...!

    Cait Sith
    If you put it that way, we can't refuse...

    Vincent
    Hmm... You may come if you want to...

    Cid
    Well, just tell yourself you're on a big ship, and leave the rest to ol' Cid!

Cloud
All right, I don't mind.

Godo
Go, Yuffie!
For the sake of strengthening Wutai!

Yuffie
Dad...

Godo
I'll take care of the Five Sacred Gods until you return!
Go! And come back alive!

Yuffie
......
Of course!

Everyone else files out, and Yuffie starts to follow them.

Godo
Yuffie, wait a minute.
The Materia they all have...
After their battle is over, you think they'll still want it?

Yuffie
Dad...!

Godo
Go! Survive till the end! And return!
With the Materia!

Yuffie
Heh, heh... you bet!

She runs off.

Godo
Go! Survive to the end! And return to us!
Mat-...
Take care of the Materia!!

Staniv
Miss Yuffie. Your feelings for Wutai are the same as Lord Godo's. Always remember that...

Chekhov
Fight so that you never bring shame on Wutai.

Shake
You say there's some unusual materia where the underground pipe is!?
But, first you gotta get if from a monster and unless you use your head. You won't be able to do it.

Gorky
Miss Yuffie. We pray for your success!

Cloud and the others leave Wutai and return to their quest.

< Rocket Town | Wutai | The World >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The World - Before the Temple of the Ancients
The Chocobo Farm
The Sleeping Man
Fort Condor
Junon
Costa del Sol
The Weapon Seller
Cosmo Canyon
Rocket Town
Bone Village

At the Chocobo Farm...

Choco Bill
Welcome.
How 'bout a Chocobo Lure materia?
Each level it increases, makes it easier for you to find a Chocobo.

In the Sleeping man's cave, across the river north of Junon...

Old Man
You've already fought x times... ......zzzzz....... zzzzzzzz......
Come on. You already escaped x times. ......zzz...... zzzzzzzzz......
Large materia needs high level materia............ zzzzzz...... zzzzzzzz......

If Cloud tries to search his belongings...

Old Man
What're you groping around for!
............
......zzzzz......... zzz.......

Old Man
Who're you?
Hmph. I guess it was fate that I woke up and met you. Here!

If the number of battles fought ends in two even numbers...

Received "Bolt Ring"!!

If the number of battles fought ends in two odd numbers...

Received "Mythril"!!

At Fort Condor...

Man with Hat
Oh, it's you guys? How are things going?

Up at the shed...

Man
How goes it? The Shinra troops have attacked 1 times since you were here.
So we're getting a litttle short on funds.
We have 12000 gil right now.
Perfect timing! They're just around the corner. Get ready.

Once Cloud decides to enter the battle...

Man
The Barbarians are mixed during this attack.
There are more than 20. Set up for a balanced-attack or we'll be in trouble.

At Junon...

In Lower Junon...

Fisherman
There's a dolphin in the bay. If you get close enough and blow the whistle, it might come to you.
If you want to get on the ship, why not have the dolphin take you?

In Priscilla's House, Priscilla is asleep in her bed.

Priscilla
No... that tickles...
No... Stop......
Mr. Dolphin......

Elevator Guard
If you want to get on the elevator that badly, give me 10 gil!

Cloud
- Okay, I guess
- No way!

Okay, I guess

The elevator door opens.

Elevator Guard
Hurry up and get in!

No way!

Elevator Guard
You're such a cheapskate.

On the Junon Airport Path...

Soldier
All I wanted was to become a pilot! It used to leave me speechless watching the Highwind in the sunset!

Soldiers Practicing Victory Poses
Someday I'll get to use my special pose in a real battle!
Same here!! I'll keep practicing until then!

In the bar, Rude is gone but the rest of the bald club remains...

Bald Black Man
It just isn't a party without Rude!

In the barracks, a commander stands reprimanding a soldier.

Commander
Hey!! Stay out of the way!

Soldier
Ever since I was late to that parade, they've been on my back everyday with basic training.
I can't handle it anymore!

Commander
Hey! Stop yappin'!

Soldier Studying
Ugh... My eyes are tired... No, this is the time for me to really buckle down!
Until I become SOLDIER First Class.

Soldiers Sleeping
ZZZZZ......
Grrrrgh--- ---Grrrgh

On the path to the Underwater Reactor, a group of soldiers is drilling.

Commander
Hey!! Civilian!! Stay out of our training!!
Go around them! And stay out of their way!!

Cloud can get on the elevator to the Underwater Reactor.

Elevator Attendant
...gulp... Going do---wn.
This floor is the Submarine Dock...
Those of you visiting the Underwater Reactor, please proceed through the connecting tunnel.
...gulp... We're here...

Cloud gets off the elevator. The two doors leading farther are guarded by soldiers.

Soldier
Only authorized personnel are allowed past this point!
You know too, right? About Junon Navy's important classified information.
A new submarine has almost been completed using Shinra's top technology.
A new version of submarine. I'll be sailing on it. Man, I can't wait!

Soldier 2
Man...... It's so boring keeping watch at the Underwater Reactor.

Taking the elevator back up...

Elevator Attendant
...gulp... Going u---p.
Returning to Junon.
...gulp... We're here...

At the Shinra Member's bar...

Bartender
I'm sorry. The bar is only for Shinra employees.

Soldier
I'm a good lookin' man once I take my uniform off.

Soldier 2
Mommy... My mommy...

Soldier 3
Booze, booze! Ain't nothing like booze during working hours.

Inside Junon Inn...

Innkeeper
Welcome to the 'Inn'd of the line' in Junon. Wait, I shouldn't be sayin' stuff like that.
Wanna spend the night?
- 30 gil
- Forget it

30 gil

Innkeeper
Enjoy your stay.

Cloud and the others rest.

Innkeeper
Good morning! You still seem a little sleepy.
Looking forward to seeing you again.

Forget it

Innkeeper
Come again.

In another barracks...

Soldier
These barracks are for soldiers. This is no place for civilians.

In the streets just outside the docks...

Sailor
How 'bout a ship taxi? Only in Junon!
Free to Air Force personnel!

Cloud
- Sure, call 'em
- Nope

Sure, call 'em

Sailor
Roger!! Hey! Taxi!!

A helicopter comes.

Pilot
Where to?

Cloud
- The next town
- Outside Junon

The next town

Pilot
Right! The next town it is!!

He flies Cloud to the streets outside the airfield.

Thanks!!

Outside Junon

Pilot
Then outside Junon it is! Take care!!!

Nope

Sailor
Just holler whenever you want a ride!
If you get sick easily, maybe you'd better not go.

Soldier outside Cargo Ship
Lately it seems like the economy's been better. Must be the 'Rufus' effect.
Cargo ships are always coming and going from Costa del Sol.
Now I'll overlook the fact that you're a stowaway, but you better at least help with the cargo.

At Costa del Sol...

Man Near Sea Plane
Hey, who're you? You look like you've been around the world twice.
I don't know what your story is, but hang in there.

Woman Lounging on Sea Plane
Today's a great day for a nap in the sun. It always puts me in a good mood!

Sailor
Thinking of being stowaways?
It's 100 gil to Junon. Give it to me, and I'll put in a good word with the captain.
What'll we do?

Cloud
- Pay up
- Don't do it

Pay up

Sailor
Okay. Come on. This way.
It's not the most pleasant ride but make the best of it.

Don't do it

Sailor
Thank you. Come back any time you want to stowaway on our ship.

Sailor Running Around
Ever since Rufus complimented him, he ran around for a while, And we haven't heard a peep from him since...

Along the streets...

Women Walking Around
Why's that!?
Not yet!!
Eaghhh!
It's your fault!
What's wrong with you!?
You wanna go!?
Whew!!!

Little Girl
It hurts when you kick me with your bare feet!

At Johnny's house, after getting the buggy...

Johnny
Heh, heh, heh!...... My woman and me are getting along pretty good.
But I'm such a pitiful waste......

Later...

Johnny
...sigh...... I'm not good enough for her. What I should do?

At the beach...

Man
Always the same story... Women never pay any attention to me...

Woman
If this is your idea of flirting... forget it. I do fine as it is.

Woman 2
The sea, the wind and the sun. Don't you just love the outdoors? It always puts me back on track.

Woman 3
Hey, good timing. Would you mind putting lotion on me?

Cloud
- With pleasure
- Sorry

With pleasure

Cloud laughs and puts lotion on her.

Woman 3
Uhhhnn...
Than--kyu!

Sorry

Woman 3
Hey, loosen up a bit.

Cloud enters the Weapon seller's house.

If he comes before obtaining the Tiny Bronco, the house is empty...

Cloud
...No one's here. We'll come back later.

After obtaining the Tiny Bronco...

Weapon Seller
Huh? Oh another customer. You sure picked an out of the way place but...
But if it's the "Keystone" you're looking for, you're too late. Don't have it.

Cloud
Keystone?

Weapon Seller
What? You didn't come here for that?
The "Keystone" is the key that unlocks the gate to a very old temple somewhere.
You're not going to believe your ears,
But I heard it was the Temple of the Ancients!!

Cloud
The Temple of the Ancients...

Weapon Seller
Kya, hah hah hah...
Don't take it seriously. It's just a legend!
Huh? What?

Cloud
- Where is this "Keystone"?
- Where is the Temple?
- Let's change the subject
- Never mind

Where is this "Keystone"?

Weapon Seller
I sold it already. Yeah well, to tell the truth, I didn't really want to sell it but...
That guy had a way about him that made you feel like it may not be a good idea NOT to sell it to him...

Cloud
Who did you sell it to?

Weapon Seller
The manager of the Gold Saucer... think his name was "Dio". Said he was going to put it in his museum, then he took off out of here.

Where is the Temple?

Weapon Seller
Come on... it's only a legend. But if it were true, that sure would be something, huh?
Now that you mention it, I have heard of something called Ultimate Destruction Magic
was supposed to be hidden somewhere in the Temple of the Ancients.

Cloud
Ultimate Destruction Magic...?

Weapon Seller
Come on! I told you not to take it seriously!

Let's change the subject

Weapon Seller
All the weapons you see here I made myself. But lately I haven't been able to get materials...
Hey you wouldn't happen to have any Mythril on you, would you? I'll trade you something good if you could spare some.

Cloud
- Give him some
- Forget it

Weapon Seller
Hey thanks! All right you can help yourself to either a big or small box.

When checking the wooden chest downstairs:

Received "Gold Armlet"!

When checking the wall safe upstairs:

Received "Great Gospel"!

Never mind

Nothing happens.

If Cloud tries to open something without giving him Mythril...

Weapon Seller
Hey, don't just come bargin' in here!

If Cloud walks to the bed...

Weapon Seller
What? You want to rest?

Cloud
- Yep
- Nope

Weapon Seller
Oh all right. You can use that bed.

At Cosmo Canyon...

Kid near the Cosmo Candle
Nanaki, are you leaving again? We want you to stay here forever...

Innkeeper
Welcome to 'Shildra Inn' As long as there are guests, our lights will always be on.
It is 100 Gil a night. Would you like to stay?

If Nanaki is not in the party...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. You people.
Where is Nanaki? I hope he's not bothering you.

If Nanaki is in the party...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. I'm glad you're back, Nanaki.
I hate to ask you but, please look after Nanaki from now on.

On returning to Rocket Town...

At the Shanghai Inn...

Barkeeper
Would you like something to drink?

Cloud
- Let me hear your story

Barkeeper
Y'know, I heard Rufus rushed back to headquarters in Midgar...

Man at Table
How long's that guy gonna be in the bathroom? I need to go too...

Back outside...

Redhead
Oh, it's you? I heard you and the Captain really made a BANG!
I also heard that Rufus was so pissed off he went on a rampage and that no one's been able to get near him!

Mechanic
I heard Tiny Bronco broke...
That sucks. I was secretly eyeing that thing. Broke, huh? What a drag.

Old Man
Because those Shinra creeps locked us up in our houses, we couldn't even watch the rocket lift off.
I never thought that my only hobby would be destroyed by that arrogant young Rufus...!

Inside the house on the right...

Old Man
Hmm, let's see... do I know any good jokes...?

At Cid's house, Shera is working on the car inside.

Shera
I'll take care of everything at home. But please take care of the Captain.

At Bone Village...

Excavator
Welcome to Bone Village, a town for nature lovers.
What do you want?

Cloud
- Have you seen Sephiroth?
- What are you doing?

Have you seen Sephiroth?

Excavator
Oh, the man in a Black Cape. He was looking for the Temple of the Ancients.

Cloud
- The Temple of the Ancients?

Excavator
It's way down south. It's right on the other side between this town and the inland sea.
It's the pyramid that rises within the forest.

Cloud
- How do you get in?

Excavator
You'll need a Keystone.

Cloud
- What's a Keystone?

Excavator
Just like it sounds. A rock that's a key. I heard that some rich guy has it.

What are you doing?

Excavator
We're excavating. It's like the land's telling a history of the planet.

< Wutai | The World | Gold Saucer >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Gold Saucer - Interrupted by Fireworks
Getting the Keystone
A Meeting in Ghost Hotel
A Date with Aeris :: Event Square - The Gondola
A Date with Tifa :: Event Square - The Gondola
A Date with Yuffie :: Event Square - The Gondola
A Date with Barret :: The Gondola
Cait Sith the Spy
Leaving Gold Saucer

Cloud and the others pass through North Corel on their way to Gold Saucer.

Man
A buncha guys called Turks came here sayin' they'd pay 10000 gil for some rock called a 'Keystone'.
When I asked how much they'd pay for a regular rock just layin' around here, they slapped me upside my damn head!!

Man 2
I'll never understand the rich. I heard some guy named Dio at the Gold Saucer is collectin' rocks!

They take the Ropeway up to Gold Saucer.

Fortune Telling Machine (at Wonder Square)
What you are looking for is near.

Cloud and the others make their way to Battle Square, which has by now reopened.

Man
I heard that this is the curator's favorite attraction. He likes it so much that he even has his collection displayed in the arena.

Woman
Are you here for the battle, too?

Cloud
- That's the idea
- Not interested

That's the idea

Woman
I like fighters. But hate those who're all talk.

Not interested

Woman
Is that so.

Cloud continues on up the steps.

Black-haired Man
Crap! I still don't have enough points.
Mmm? You're new here, aren't you? Then, you want an explanation of the Battle Arena?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Not interested

Black-haired Man
You fight here and collect battle points. You can then exchange those points for prizes.
The Battle Game... even though it's a game you still use all your physical abilities. To participate, go to the front and pay yer GP's.
You can fight in up to eight battles. The more you win, the more battle points you get.
But, if you lose, you lose all your points. So it's up to you whether or not to fight after each win.
They also make it harder by givin' out handicaps.
They decide what handicaps there'll be, and you won't know what you're up against until the battle.
Oh yeah, once you leave the Battle area, all your battle points will become useless. So watch it.
Oh, and one other thing. The maximum points you could get is 65000, no more. So if you get that many you should exchange them for something.

Large Man
Maybe I could've made it a little further. It's so hard to know when to stop...
Man, I knew I should've stopped. But it's so hard to stop...

Man Practicing Kicks
I'm not going to lose this time!
All right, it should be my turn comin' up here soon.

Registration Lady
Hey, have you heard? Something awful happened!
Two staff members and some Shinra soldiers were shot.
The soldiers died instantly, but the staff survived.

Barret
Dyne......

Registration Lady
Register for battle? The registration fee is 10 GP.

Cloud
- Let's do it
- Not interested

Staff Person
Whenever you come to the Gold Saucer, I recommend you visit the owner's museum at least once.

Cloud enters Dio's Show Room. Various items rest on pedestals around the room, with plaques labeling them.

Item Plaques
"Star Cup"
"Weekend Clock"
"Laugh Sapling"
"Slayer's Pot"
"Chisa's Mask"
"Dio's Portrait"
"D Type Equipment"
"Zauger's Cup"
"Calling Gourd"

In the center display is the Keystone.

Cloud
It's the Keystone...

Dio enters from behind him.

Dio
Heh, heh, heh. Long time no see, my boy. Hmm? You like that, huh?

Cloud
Can you let me borrow this?

Dio
Heh, heh, heh. Sorry, but it's not for rent.
Hmm.
Since you've been good to me in the past, I CAN let you have it on one condition.

Cloud
One condition?

Dio
Heh, heh, heh. Entertain me!

Cloud
- What'd you want me to do?
- Not in the mood

What'd you want me to do?

Dio
Hoo boy!
Heh, heh, heh. It's not something that's really difficult.
This is the Battle Arena. Show me your fighting skills. Just you, my boy. I'm expecting a good fight!

Not in the mood

Dio
I see... Then let's pretend that this never happened.

When Cloud takes him up on the deal, he enters the Battle Arena.

If he completes all 8 battles...

Dio
Heh, heh, heh! Well done, young man! All right, as I promised,
you can take it. Oh, and I'll give you this too.

Received "Protect Vest"

Received "Choco Feather"!

If he does fairly well...

Dio
Hmm, you did pretty well, young man!
Good, it's a promise, so go ahead and take it. I'll give this to you too.

Received "Protect Vest"

If he does poorly...

Dio
That's the best you could do? Well, a promise is a promise. Go ahead, take it.

Received Key Item "Keystone"!

Dio
Well then, we shall meet again! Heh, heh, heh.

When trying to leave Gold Saucer with the keystone, Cloud is intercepted by a staff member.

Staff
Excuse me, sir.
I'm sorry. The Tram is out of order right now.

Cloud
...so?

Staff
I'm really sorry!
I'm afraid you won't be able to leave until it's fully repaired.

If Cait Sith is not in the party, he bounces up to join Cloud now.

Cait Sith
What's wrong?

Cloud explains.

Cait Sith
Too bad. It happens, though.
I know! Let's stay at the hotel! They know me here. I'll go talk to them.

Staff
I will let you know once the repairs are completed.

At the hotel, the entire team gathers in the lobby.

Cait Sith
We don't usually get the chance to be together like this, huh?
Cloud, how 'bout it? Can you tell us what's happened so far?
I don't really know what's goin' on because I wasn't here in the beginning.

Cid
Yeah! I'm all for it!

Vincent
Good idea.

Barret
I been here since the beginnin', an' I still don't know what the hell's goin' on either.
Cloud, the hell's goin' on? C'mon, tell us!

Cloud
- I'm tired...
- All right, I'll give it a shot...

I'm tired...

Cid
All we have to do now is sleep! You're still young! What're you complaining about?

All right, I'll give it a shot...

Nothing special happens.

Cloud
Phew...
We are going after Sephiroth.
Sephiroth must be in search of the Promised Land.

Cid
The Promised Land?

Cloud
A land full of Mako energy. ...or at least that's what the Shinra believe.
I don't know if it actually exists.

Aeris
The Cetras return to the Promised Land. A land that promises boundless happiness.

Barret
Cetra? That some kinda disease?

Aeris
That's what the Ancients call themselves.
Hey, didn't you listen to the elders at Cosmo Canyon?

Barret scratches his head.

Aeris
...You don't 'know' where the Promised Land of the Ancients is.
You search and travel, until you feel it. Like you just know, '...this is the Promised Land.'

Cloud
Aeris... can you feel it too?

Aeris
I think so.

Tifa
So Sephiroth is traveling the world because he's searching for the Promised Land? Is that it?

Aeris
That, and one other thing he's searching for.

Cloud
The Black Materia...

Cait Sith
I heard from Dio that a man in a Black Cape was lookin' for the Black Materia.

Tifa
I don't even know what the Black Cape is...
How many men with Black Capes and number tattoos are there?

Nanaki
...you know, of course... My tattoo is number 13.

Cloud
How did you get that tattoo?

Nanaki
...Hojo put it on me. Everything else is just war scars, but the number was done by Hojo.

Tifa
So there are at least 13!?

Aeris
...You know......
I think Hojo did something to those men in the Black Capes.
But I don't know what it has to do with Sephiroth though...
That's why I think we should just go after Sephiroth himself.

Barret
Yeah, me too! It's all just too damn confusin'.

Aeris
And...
I'm sorry, forget it!
I think I'm tired. I'm going to bed now.

She runs upstairs.

Cait Sith
What was that, all of a sudden!?

Yuffie
What!? That's it? I'm goin' to bed!

She runs off after Aeris.

Cait Sith
Is that all? How 'bout the Black Materia?

Cloud
You wouldn't understand even if I told you.

Barret
Now all we gotta do is take action! We're startin' tomorrow!!

He runs upstairs.

Nanaki
Cloud...
I'm number 13. Am I going to go mad too?

Tifa
I don't know what Hojo did to you, but you've been all right so far, right?

Nanaki
But...

Tifa
Be strong.

Nanaki
But, I...

Tifa
Stop it, Nanaki! Be strong!

Cloud
Tifa?

Tifa
You're not the only one who's worried!

Cait Sith
I don't know what's goin' on, but we're in a bad situation...

Vincent
Hey Cid, let's go back to our rooms.

Cid
...zzzz... zzzz...

Cloud retires to his room. There comes a knock on the door.

[Aeris enters.]
[Tifa enters.]
[Yuffie enters.]
[Barret enters.]

Aeris enters Cloud's room.

Aeris
Hee, hee!

Cloud
What's wrong?

Aeris
You want to go on a date?

Cloud
What?

Aeris
A DA-TE! Or haven't you ever gone on one?

Cloud
- Don't take me for a fool
- Well, not a real one...

Don't take me for a fool

Aeris
Hey...a little touchy, aren't we?

Well, not a real one...

Aeris
No, just a mixed-up kid...

Aeris
Oh well, come on let's go...

She runs around behind him and starts pushing him out of the room.

Cloud
Hey!

Upon arriving together at the Station...

Man
Tonight's Enchantment Night! All the attractions are free.
How 'bout it you two? There's going to be an entertaining show in Event Square!

Aeris
Come on, let's go.

The two of them head for Event Square, where they are greeted immediately.

Man
Congratulations!!
You are our 100th couple today!!
You two will be the leads in tonight's show!!!!

Cloud
Wha?

Man
Oh, now, it's not hard. Just play it however you want to and the rest of the cast will cover up for you.
Come this way.

Cloud
H, hey!

Aeris
This sounds like fun. Come on Cloud, let's do it.

She runs off after the man. Cloud shrugs and follows. The show opens to an empty stage and the narration begins.

Narrator
Long, long ago...
An evil shadow appeared over the peaceful kingdom of Galdia...
Princess Rosa was just kidnapped by the Evil Dragon King, Valvados. What will become of her?
Just then, the legendary hero, Alfred, appears!!

Knight
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero...Alfred!

Cloud shakes his head, staring out at the audience.

Knight
Hey, it's your line.

Cloud points to himself incredulously.

Knight
Yeah, you.
Ahem!
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero, Alfred!
I know in my soul. Please... please save Princess Rosa!
Now......Please talk... to the King......!!

King
Oh...legendery hero, Alfred. You have come to save my beloved Rosa...
Oh the peak of a dangerous mountain...dwells the Evil Dragon King, Valvados... who's kidnapped Princess Rosa...
But... you can't beat the Evil Dragon King now! Talk to the one who can help you......
Who will you talk to?

Cloud
- The knight
- The wizard

The knight

Knight
I am...a lowly...knight. How...can I help you?

Cloud
- Defeat the Evil Dragon King
- Defeat the King

Defeat the Evil Dragon King

Narration
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Aeris.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Aeris
Please help me...Legendary hero!
psst...... like that?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Knight
Uuuuuuurrrrgghh!

He throws himself at the dragon king, but gets knocked out.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaaaaaahh! What now...Legendary hero!?

Cloud
- To the Princess
- To the King
- To home

To the Princess

Cloud goes to Aeris and kisses her hand.

Aeris
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Aeris follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Knight (still lying on the stage)
......... Someone...help......

[Back to the Station.]

To the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Aeris
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

To home

King
Come on! No more!

Aeris
Stop it Cloud! What are you doing!?
The play's a disaster! Now I'm getting mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Aeris
Why don't you shut up, Blabbermouth!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Defeat the King

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Aeris.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Aeris
Please help me...Legendary hero!
psst...... like that?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Aeris behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Aeris
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Aeris
Stop it Cloud! What are you doing!?
The play's a disaster! Now I'm getting mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Aeris
Why don't you shut up, Blabbermouth!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Aeris
Stop it Cloud! What are you doing!?
The play's a disaster! Now I'm getting mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Aeris
Why don't you shut up, Blabbermouth!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

The wizard

Wizard
I am the great wizard, Vorman. What do you wish to know?

Cloud
- The Evil Dragon King's weakness
- The Princess' measurements

The Evil Dragon King's weakness

Wizard
Ahh, the weakness of the Evil Dragon King. It must be, it must be...
Yes, it must be... True Love!
The power of love... Is the only weapon that can withstand the fangs of the EDK...!

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Aeris.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Aeris
Please help me...Legendary hero!
psst...... like that?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Wizard
And now...Legendary hero...! Here is what will happen...to your beloved......
A kiss! The power of True Love!!

Cloud
- Kiss the Princess
- Kiss the Evil Dragon King
- Kiss the King

Kiss the Princess

Cloud goes to Aeris and kisses her hand.

Aeris
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Aeris follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the Evil Dragon King

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Aeris behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Aeris
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Aeris
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

The Princess' measurements

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Aeris.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Aeris
Please help me...Legendary hero!
psst...... like that?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Aeris behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Aeris
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Aeris
Stop it Cloud! What are you doing!?
The play's a disaster! Now I'm getting mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Aeris
Why don't you shut up, Blabbermouth!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Aeris
Stop it Cloud! What are you doing!?
The play's a disaster! Now I'm getting mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Aeris
Why don't you shut up, Blabbermouth!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

After the play is over, Cloud and Aeris return to the Station.

Aeris
Oh, that was fun. Hey, let's go on the Gondola.

At Round Square, Aeris walks up to the ticket booth.

Aeris
Two, please.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Here you are, two tickets.
Enjoy the sights of Gold Saucer.

Cloud and Aeris get on the gondola.

Aeris
Wow, how nice.
Oh! Look, Cloud.
It's so pretty.

At length, she turns away from the window.

......it's beautiful, isn't it?
......first off, it bothered me how you looked exactly alike.
Two completely different people, but look exactly the same.
The way you walk, gesture...
I think I must have seen him again, in you...
But you're different.
Things are different.
Cloud...
I'm searching for you.

Cloud
............?

Aeris
I want to meet you.

Cloud
But I'm right here.

Aeris
(I know, I know...what I mean is...)
I want to meet...you.

The gondola returns to Round Square, and they get off.

Aeris
I had fun tonight. Let's go together again.
You don't like being with me?

Cloud
- Yeah
- That's not it

Yeah

Aeris
Oh, don't tease like that!
Oh, look at the time. We'd better get going.

That's not it

Aeris
I'm glad.
Next time let's take our time and go on more rides.

[Cloud and Aeris return to the Station...]

Tifa enters Cloud's room.

Tifa
Cloud...

Cloud
What's wrong?

Tifa
......
I thought about what I was going to say, but, it's kinda embarrassing...
Hey, Cloud!
Why don't the two of us sneak out of here and spend some time together?

She runs around behind him and starts pushing him out of the room.

Come on, let's go!

Cloud
Hey.

Upon arriving together at the Station...

Man
Tonight's Enchantment Night! All the attractions are free.
How 'bout it you two? There's going to be an entertaining show in Event Square!

Tifa
Come on, let's go.

The two of them head for Event Square, where they are greeted immediately.

Man
Congratulations!!
You are our 100th couple today!!
You two will be the leads in tonight's show!!!!

Cloud
Wha?

Man
Oh, now, it's not hard. Just play it however you want to and the rest of the cast will cover up for you.
Come this way.

Cloud
H, hey!

Tifa
Sounds like fun. Come on Cloud, let's give it a try.

She runs off after the man. Cloud shrugs and follows. The show opens to an empty stage and the narration begins.

Narrator
Long, long ago...
An evil shadow appeared over the peaceful kingdom of Galdia...
Princess Rosa was just kidnapped by the Evil Dragon King, Valvados. What will become of her?
Just then, the legendary hero, Alfred, appears!!

Knight
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero...Alfred!

Cloud shakes his head, staring out at the audience.

Knight
Hey, it's your line.

Cloud points to himself incredulously.

Knight
Yeah, you.
Ahem!
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero, Alfred!
I know in my soul. Please... please save Princess Rosa!
Now......Please talk... to the King......!!

King
Oh...legendery hero, Alfred. You have come to save my beloved Rosa...
Oh the peak of a dangerous mountain...dwells the Evil Dragon King, Valvados... who's kidnapped Princess Rosa...
But... you can't beat the Evil Dragon King now! Talk to the one who can help you......
Who will you talk to?

Cloud
- The knight
- The wizard

The knight

Knight
I am...a lowly...knight. How...can I help you?

Cloud
- Defeat the Evil Dragon King
- Defeat the King

Defeat the Evil Dragon King

Narration
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Tifa.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Tifa
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Like that?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Knight
Uuuuuuurrrrgghh!

He throws himself at the dragon king, but gets knocked out.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaaaaaahh! What now...Legendary hero!?

Cloud
- To the Princess
- To the King
- To home

To the Princess

Cloud goes to Tifa and kisses her hand.

Tifa
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Tifa follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Knight (still lying on the stage)
......... Someone...help......

[Back to the Station.]

To the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Tifa
H, hey, what is it?
That can't be the end!!

[Back to the Station.]

To home

King
Come on! No more!

Tifa
Cloud!! Be serious!! You really don't want to be in the play that much!?
Now I'm mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Tifa
Shut up!!

She knocks the EDK out with a kick.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Defeat the King

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Tifa.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Tifa
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Like that?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Tifa behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Tifa
H, hey, what is it?
That can't be the end!!

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Tifa
Cloud!! Be serious!! You really don't want to be in the play that much!?
Now I'm mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Tifa
Shut up!!

She knocks the EDK out with a kick.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Tifa
Cloud!! Be serious!! You really don't want to be in the play that much!?
Now I'm mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Tifa
Shut up!!

She knocks the EDK out with a kick.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

The wizard

Wizard
I am the great wizard, Vorman. What do you wish to know?

Cloud
- The Evil Dragon King's weakness
- The Princess' measurements

The Evil Dragon King's weakness

Wizard
Ahh, the weakness of the Evil Dragon King. It must be, it must be...
Yes, it must be... True Love!
The power of love... Is the only weapon that can withstand the fangs of the EDK...!

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Tifa.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Tifa
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Like that?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Wizard
And now...Legendary hero...! Here is what will happen...to your beloved......
A kiss! The power of True Love!!

Cloud
- Kiss the Princess
- Kiss the Evil Dragon King
- Kiss the King

Kiss the Princess

Cloud goes to Tifa and kisses her hand.

Tifa
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Tifa follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the Evil Dragon King

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Tifa behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Tifa
H, hey, what is it?
That can't be the end!!

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Tifa
H, hey, what is it?
That can't be the end!!

[Back to the Station.]

The Princess' measurements

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Tifa.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Tifa
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Like that?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Tifa behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Tifa
Wh, what is this?
You can't do this!

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Tifa
Cloud!! Be serious!! You really don't want to be in the play that much!?
Now I'm mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Tifa
Shut up!!

She knocks the EDK out with a kick.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Tifa
Cloud!! Be serious!! You really don't want to be in the play that much!?
Now I'm mad!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Tifa
Shut up!!

She knocks the EDK out, too.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

After the play is over, Cloud and Tifa return to the Station.

Tifa
Hmm, that was funny. Hey, let's go on the Gondola next.

At Round Square, Tifa walks up to the ticket booth.

Tifa
Two, please.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Here you are, two tickets.
Enjoy the sights of Gold Saucer.

Cloud and Tifa get on the gondola.

Tifa
Oh, how pretty.
Look, Cloud.
Oh, Cloud.

At length, she turns away from the window.

...it's really pretty, isn't it?
Ok, I'm going to just go ahead and say it...

Cloud
...what?

Tifa
Aeris would be able to just come out and say it, probably.
Cloud...?
Sometimes being old friends is hard.
I mean, timing is everything.

Cloud
Yeah...

Tifa
Cloud...?
I......
........................

The gondola returns to Round Square, and they get off.

Tifa
Cloud I really had fun tonight.

Cloud
By the way, What did you want to say a minute ago...?

Tifa
N, nothing!
Nothing...

Cloud
?

Tifa
Oh, look at the time. We should be getting back.

[Cloud and Tifa return to the Station...]

Yuffie enters Cloud's room.

Yuffie
Cloud you up?

Cloud
What's wrong?

Yuffie
Would you...... keep me company for a bit.

Cloud
? Keep you company where?

Yuffie runs around and starts pushing him out of the room.

Yuffie
Just come on.

Cloud
Hey.

Upon arriving together at the Station...

Man
Tonight's Enchantment Night! All the attractions are free.
How 'bout it you two? There's going to be an entertaining show in Event Square!

Yuffie
Cloud, let's go.

The two of them head for Event Square, where they are greeted immediately.

Man
Congratulations!!
You are our 100th couple today!!
You two will be the leads in tonight's show!!!!

Cloud
Wha?

Man
Oh, now, it's not hard. Just play it however you want to and the rest of the cast will cover up for you.
Come this way.

Cloud
H, hey!

Yuffie
I don't know what it's all about but sounds kind of cool. Wanna try it, Cloud?

She runs off after the man. Cloud shrugs and follows. The show opens to an empty stage and the narration begins.

Narrator
Long, long ago...
An evil shadow appeared over the peaceful kingdom of Galdia...
Princess Rosa was just kidnapped by the Evil Dragon King, Valvados. What will become of her?
Just then, the legendary hero, Alfred, appears!!

Knight
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero...Alfred!

Cloud shakes his head, staring out at the audience.

Knight
Hey, it's your line.

Cloud points to himself incredulously.

Knight
Yeah, you.
Ahem!
Oh...... You must be the legendary hero, Alfred!
I know in my soul. Please... please save Princess Rosa!
Now......Please talk... to the King......!!

King
Oh...legendery hero, Alfred. You have come to save my beloved Rosa...
Oh the peak of a dangerous mountain...dwells the Evil Dragon King, Valvados... who's kidnapped Princess Rosa...
But... you can't beat the Evil Dragon King now! Talk to the one who can help you......
Who will you talk to?

Cloud
- The knight
- The wizard

The knight

Knight
I am...a lowly...knight. How...can I help you?

Cloud
- Defeat the Evil Dragon King
- Defeat the King

Defeat the Evil Dragon King

Narration
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Yuffie.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Yuffie
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Was that good?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Knight
Uuuuuuurrrrgghh!

He throws himself at the dragon king, but gets knocked out.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaaaaaahh! What now...Legendary hero!?

Cloud
- To the Princess
- To the King
- To home

To the Princess

Cloud goes to Yuffie and kisses her hand.

Yuffie
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Yuffie follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Knight (still lying on the stage)
......... Someone...help......

[Back to the Station.]

To the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Yuffie
What...?
...That's it?

[Back to the Station.]

To home

King
Come on! No more!

Yuffie
Come on, Cloud!! I'm tryin' to be serious here and you...
Ok, now I'm pissed!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Yuffie
Just shut up!!

She punches the EDK off stage.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Defeat the King

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Yuffie.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Yuffie
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Was that good?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Yuffie behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Yuffie
What...?
...That's it?

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Yuffie
Come on, Cloud!! I'm tryin' to be serious here and you...
Ok, now I'm pissed!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Yuffie
Just shut up!!

She punches the EDK off stage.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Yuffie
Come on, Cloud!! I'm tryin' to be serious here and you...
Ok, now I'm pissed!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Yuffie
Just shut up!!

She punches the EDK off stage.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

The wizard

Wizard
I am the great wizard, Vorman. What do you wish to know?

Cloud
- The Evil Dragon King's weakness
- The Princess' measurements

The Evil Dragon King's weakness

Wizard
Ahh, the weakness of the Evil Dragon King. It must be, it must be...
Yes, it must be... True Love!
The power of love... Is the only weapon that can withstand the fangs of the EDK...!

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Yuffie.

EDK
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Yuffie
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Was that good?

EDK
Gaaaaaah! Here I come, Legendary hero...Alfred!
I already know...your name!

Wizard
And now...Legendary hero...! Here is what will happen...to your beloved......
A kiss! The power of True Love!!

Cloud
- Kiss the Princess
- Kiss the Evil Dragon King
- Kiss the King

Kiss the Princess

Cloud goes to Yuffie and kisses her hand.

Yuffie
Cloud... I mean, Alfred...

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud and Yuffie follow suit.

Narrator
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the Evil Dragon King

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Yuffie behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Yuffie
What...?
...That's it?

[Back to the Station.]

Kiss the King

Cloud goes to the king and kisses his hand.

King
Oh......Alfred...! In truth... I too......

EDK
Arrggaahhh!! Curses......The power of...love!!

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Yuffie
What...?
...That's it?

[Back to the Station.]

The Princess' measurements

Narrator
Oh what is going to happen next...! Oh...Legendary hero...look!

The Evil Dragon King enters carrying Yuffie.

EDK
What ho! Do you dare ignore the Evil Dragon King!?
Gaaaaaaaah!
I am the Evil Dragon King...Valvados! I have not harmed the Princess... I have been expecting...you!

Yuffie
Please help me...Legendary hero!
...Was that good?

EDK
Who is your enemy...? Say it!

Cloud
- The Evil... Dragon... King...
- The King
- That Knight

The Evil... Dragon... King...

Cloud runs to the EDK and kisses his hand.

EDK
What...
Urrrrrgh

The EDK turns into a black-haired girl.

Beautiful Girl
Thank...you. You've released me...from the spell and I am back to my normal self...

King
Oh...look! Love has...triumphed!
Now let's all return... And celebrate.

Wizard
Yes let's...yes let's...!

The cast spins off the stage. Cloud follows, leaving Yuffie behind.

Narration
Oh, how profound the power of love... And so the legendary hero Alfred and our story live on happily ever after.

Yuffie
What...?
...That's it?

[Back to the Station.]

The King

King
Come on! No more!

Yuffie
Come on, Cloud!! I'm tryin' to be serious here and you...
Ok, now I'm pissed!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Yuffie
Just shut up!!

She punches the EDK off stage.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

That Knight

King
Come on! No more!

Yuffie
Come on, Cloud!! I'm tryin' to be serious here and you...
Ok, now I'm pissed!

She slaps Cloud and he falls over.

EDK
Gaaaaaahh! You dare ignore me!!

Yuffie
Just shut up!!

She punches the EDK off stage.

Narrator
Oh my...... what an unusually strong Princess! And so the new legendary hero Rosa and our story ends happily ever after.

[Back to the Station.]

After the play is over, Cloud and Yuffie return to the Station.

Yuffie
I didn't get it. Cloud, let's go on the Gondola next.

At Round Square, Yuffie walks up to the ticket booth.

Yuffie
There will be two of us.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Here you are, two tickets.
Enjoy the sights of Gold Saucer.

Cloud and Yuffie get on the gondola.

Yuffie (sitting backwards to lean out the window)
Wow!
Geez!!
Cloud!

She turns around.

Cloud......?

She gets up and kisses him on the cheek.

Cloud
............

Yuffie (scratching her head)
I just felt like doing that.

Cloud
............

Yuffie
That's all.

Cloud
............

Yuffie
H, hey!! Say something, why don't you!!

Cloud
............

Yuffie
......gawd, I could just die.

Cloud
............

Yuffie
Say something, PLEASE!

Cloud
...................something.

Yuffie slaps him.

The gondola returns to Round Square, and they get off.

Yuffie
I'll think I'll sleep really well tonight.
Thanks... for coming with me.

Cloud nods.

Yuffie
You wanna go back, Cloud?

[Cloud and Yuffie return to the Station...]

Barret enters Cloud's room.

Barret
Yo, Cloud. You still up?

Cloud
What's wrong?

Barret
Uh, I was jes thinkin' of goin' for a walk...

Cloud
What, just the two of us?

Barret
What's wrong with that!? Don't gimme no lip!! I say we go!

He turns to leave. Cloud shrugs and follows him out. Upon arriving together at the Station...

Man
Tonight's Enchantment Night! All the attractions are free.
How 'bout it you two? There's going to be an entertaining show in Event Square!

Barret
Cloud, wanna take a peek?

The two of them head for Event Square, where they are greeted immediately.

Man
Congratulations!!
You are our 100th couple today...... Oh, wait...... no you're not...... Sorry.

Cloud and Barret return to the Station.

Barret
Let's go somewhere where we can talk, in private.

They arrive at Round Square.

Barret
Hey! You mean just the two of us are gettin' on...? ...yeah, I guess that's cool.

He walks up to the ticket booth.

Yo. Two.

Woman at Ticket Booth
Here you are, two tickets.
Enjoy the sights of Gold Saucer.

Cloud and Barret get on the gondola. They sit for a while without talking, Barret tapping his foot and both with their arms folded.

Barret
Hey foo. What you wanna see fireworks with me for?

Cloud
Not having fun?

Barret
You should've asked one or the other!

Cloud
Which would you have asked?

Barret
Oh man, there just ain't no choice!
Tifa, Aeris.
Ah, Yuffie?

Cloud
(hoo boy)

Barret
What the hell's that supposed to mean?
Hey, you don't mean... Marlene?
NO WAY! Forget it!
There ain't no way I'm lettin' a wacko like you anywhere near my little Marlene!
She's my baby. My prized possession.
......Marlene.
Wish I could've brought Marlene here. She'd love the fireworks.
Why the hell do I gotta be here with a foo like you...
Shit... the more I think 'bout it the madder I get!
Damn fireworks anyways.

He fires his gun arm.

Shut up!!

The gondola returns to Round Square, and they get off.

Barret
Oh man I'm beat. Let's head back.

[Cloud and Barret return to the Station...]

When Cloud and his date reach the Station, they see Cait Sith there, looking furtive.

    Aeris
    Hey? What's Cait Sith doing?

    Tifa
    That's...... Cait Sith. He seems strange.

    Yuffie
    Hey, isn't that Cait Sith? What's he doing?

    Barret
    ...it's Cait Sith. What's he doin' so quietly?

Cait Sith pulls out the Keystone.

Cloud
!!
Is that the... Keystone?
Hey! Cait Sith!

Cait jumps and runs. If Cloud attempts to do anything besides give chase, his date will stop him. Trying to buy tickets at Speed Square...

    Aeris
    We've got no time for this! Let's go after Cait Sith!

    Tifa
    We've got no time to relax. Let's go after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    Is it all right to relax like that? Aren't we going after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    What're ya doin'? We're goin' after Cait Sith!

Trying to buy tickets at Round Square...

    Aeris
    We don't have time for this! We've got to go after Cait Sith.

    Tifa
    There's no time to be riding this. Let's hurry after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    Can we be wasting time like this? Aren't we going after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    The hell you doin'!? We gotta go after Cait Sith!

Trying to make reservations at Ghost Square...

    Aeris
    here's no time for this! We have to go after Cait Sith.

    Tifa
    There's no time to waste. Let's hurry and go after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    Should we be wasting time like this? Aren't we going after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    The hell're you doin'!? We're goin' after Cait Sith!

Trying to register at Battle Square...

    Aeris
    We don't have time for that!? Let's hurry and go after Cait Sith!

    Tifa
    There's no time to waste. Let's hurry after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    Should we be doing that? We've got to go after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    Whacha doin!? We're goin' after Cait Sith!

Trying to enter the game area at Wonder Square...

    Aeris
    There's no time for that!! Let's hurry and go after Cait Sith!

    Tifa
    We got no time to relax. Let's hurry and go after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    You got time to fool around like that? Aren't you goin' after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    What the hell are you doing!? We gotta go after that damn cat!

Trying to board the Ropeway...

    Aeris
    There's no time for this, right!? Let's hurry after Cait Sith!

    Tifa
    There's no time to relax. Let's hurry after Cait Sith!

    Yuffie
    Should we be this laid back? Aren't we going after Cait Sith?

    Barret
    What the hell are you doing! Let's get Cait Sith!

Cloud and his date chase after Cait Sith. Eventually they wind up at Chocobo Square.

Lady at Entrance
Sir, we can't have you doing that!

Bystanders
What?

Cait Sith runs past Cloud and down the steps of Chocobo Square, where Tseng arrives in a helicopter.

Cait Sith
Hey! Over here! The Keystone!

He throws Tseng the Keystone.

Tseng
Well done.

The helicopter flies off as Cloud and his date catch up to Cait Sith.

Cloud
Hey!

Cait Sith
W, wait a second. I won't run or hide.
Yes, I was a spy. I was hired by the Shinra.

    Aeris
    ...I trusted you. I can't believe you!

    Tifa
    Don't mess with us!

    Cloud
    You think I'm jokin'!?

    Barret
    Ya dirty &*$*%$!

Cait Sith
I couldn't help it.
How 'bout if we continue like nothing ever happened?

Cloud
No way, cat! You gotta lot of guts acting like a friend but being a spy!

Cait Sith
Then, what are you goin' to do? Kill me?
You'd just be wastin' your time if you tried. This body's just a toy anyway.
My real body's at Shinra Headquarters in Midgar. I'm controlin' this toy cat from there.

    Aeris
    So you're from Shinra. Who? Who are you! Tell me!

    Tifa
    So you're from Shinra. Who are you?

    Yuffie
    Part of the Shinra! Who the *&$# are you!?

    Barret
    The hell are ya!? What's your real name!?

Cait Sith
Whoa, I can't tell you my name.

Cloud
We're not gettin' anywhere.

Cait Sith
See? I told you! Talking won't do any good, so can't we just continue our journey?

Cloud
You think I'm jokin'!?

Cait Sith
...Alright, yes, I am a Shinra employee.
But we're not entirely enemies.
...Something bothers me. I think it's your way of life.
You don't get paid. You don't get praised. Yet, you still risk your lives and continue on your journey. Seeing that makes me...
It just makes me think about my life. I don't think I'd feel too good if things ended the way they are now.

    Aeris
    ......And so on, and so on...

    Tifa
    You're lying again.

    Yuffie
    Sounds fishy---

    Barret
    Hmph! You ain't foolin' us this time!

Cloud
He'll never tell the truth. Once a spy, always a spy.
We can't go on with someone like that. C'mon get real!!

Cait Sith
...just as I thought. Talking won't make a bit of difference.
But I prepared something in case this happened.
Why don't you listen to this?

Marlene
Papa! Tifa!

If Aeris is Cloud's date...

Aeris
Hey! That's Marlene!

Marlene
Hey! It's the flower lady! Flower lady...

If Tifa is Cloud's date...

Tifa
Marlene!

Marlene
Hey! It's Tifa! Tifa! Help, I'm-

If Yuffie is Cloud's date...

Cloud
...Marlene?

Marlene
Hey! It's Cloud!

If Barret is Cloud's date...

Barret
Ma......Marlene!?

Marlene
Hey! It's Dad! Dad! It's me, Marlene!

Cait Sith
...So, you have to do as I say.

Cloud
...you're the lowest...

Cait Sith
I didn't want to do this... using dirty tricks and taking hostages...
But this is how it is... no compromises. So why don't we continue on as we did?

If Cloud has learned what the Keystone is for...

Cait Sith
Tomorrow is the Temple of the Ancients, right? I know where it is so I'll tell you later.
Of course, we'll get there after the Shinra, but you'll have to deal with that.

If Cloud hasn't learned about the Keystone...

Cait Sith
Oh, you didn't seem to know this, but...
The Keystone is the key to the Temple of the Ancients. Even so, you're all going, right?
I know where it is, so I'll show you later.
The Shinra have already been there, but I guess you have to deal with that.

Cloud
...Well, we're stuck... We'll have to do what he says.

    Aeris
    I wonder if Marlene is all right... I wonder what happened to Mom.

    Tifa
    ......Marlene.

    Yuffie
    Uh, yup.

    Barret
    Sorry, Cloud.

Cloud and the others spend the night at Gold Saucer. In the morning, they again gather in the lobby. Cloud is the last to arrive.

Cait Sith
What took you so long, Cloud?
Oh yeah, about the Temple of the Ancients. I think if we take the Tiny Bronco East towards the sea, we should be able to find it.
Well then, shall we get goin'? Who's gonna go?

Aeris
I want to go! I'm going for sure!

Barret
Yo! I'm goin' too, Cloud! Gotta keep movin'!!

Tifa
You know...... no, forget it. Let's go.

Nanaki
I'm so excited, my tail's starting to tingle. Let's go, Cloud!

Yuffie
I'm startin' to get nervous.

Cait Sith
The Temple of the Ancients is to the east. Shall we go?

Vincent
The Temple of the Ancients... This might be pretty interesting...

Cid
I don't care what's goin' on let's just go!

Cloud and his chosen party head for the door.

Cait Sith
Then see you later.

Fortune Telling Machine (at Wonder Square)
What you search for is in the Southeast

Cloud and the others leave Gold Saucer to search out the Temple of the Ancients.

< The World | Gold Saucer | The Temple of the Ancients >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The Temple of the Ancients
The Entrance to the Temple
The Viewing Pool: Tseng's Run-in with Sephiroth
The Room of Murals
Cait Sith's Sacrifice
Retrieving the Black Materia
Aeris's Farewell

When they arrive at the Temple, Aeris walks to the center of the bridge and lays down, pressing her ear against it.

Aeris
This is... the Temple of the Ancients...
I... I know... I feel it... The knowledge of the Ancients... floating...
You could become one with the Planet, but you're stopping it with the strength of will.
For the future? For us?

Cloud
What are you saying? Do you understand?

Aeris gets up and starts up the stairs, shaking her head.

Aeris
You're uneasy... But happy?
Because I'm here? I'm sorry... I don't understand.

She runs back to Cloud.

I want to go inside!

They go up the stairs, where another clone slouches in front of the entrance.

Clone #9
Key...... stone......
Open... the door... of the Temple...

Aeris
Look......

    Barret
    It says number 9. He has a tattoo on his neck.

    Tifa
    Number 9. Another man with a tattoo.

    Nanaki
    He's number 9. There's a tattoo.

    Yuffie
    He has a tattoo too! Ummm, I think it's number 9.

    Cait Sith
    Oh!? It's an number 9 tattoo.

    Vincent
    It's a number 9 tattoo.

    Cid
    Hey, he's got a tattoo. It says number 9.

They enter the Temple to find Tseng slumped at the altar.

Aeris
Hey! It's Tseng!

Cloud
Tseng? Of the Turks!?

Tseng
Uh... I've been had.
It's not the Promised Land... Sephiroth's searching for...

Cloud
Sephiroth? He's inside!?

Tseng
Look... for yourself...

He slams his fist against the floor.

Damn...
Letting Aeris go was the start... of my... bad luck...
The President... was wrong...

Aeris
You're wrong.
The Promised Land isn't like what you imagined.
And, I'm not going to help.
Either way, there was no way Shinra could have won.

She runs over and stands near a pillar with her back to the others.

Tseng
...pretty harsh. Sounds like something... you'd say.

He gets to his feet and limps towards Cloud.

The Keystone... Place it... on... the altar...

Received Key Item "Keystone"!

Tseng moves out of the way and sits down against another pillar. Cloud walks to Aeris, scratches his head and turns away.

Cloud
You crying?

Aeris shakes her head.

Aeris
...Tseng's with our enemy, the Turks, but I've known him since we were little...
There's not a lot of people I can say that about. In fact, there are probably only a handful of people in the world who really know me.

Tseng
I am...... still alive...

Cloud walks up to the altar.

Cloud
Let's put the Keystone in.

He does so, and sinks through the floor into the Temple.

Aeris
Words... feelings... So many of them here.

    Barret
    Damn--! So this is the Temple of the Ancients!
    Oh man, you gotta be kiddin'. This is makin' me dizzy!

    Tifa
    What a strange place. Do you think we're welcome here?

    Nanaki
    ...sniff... sniff... This place smells good.
    It smells the same as Cosmo Canyon.

    Yuffie
    Geeeez! We got our work cut out for us.
    This is starting to get me really dizzy...

    Cait Sith
    Wow, this place is huge! I'm starting to get bored.

    Vincent
    No exits... We can't turn back.

    Cid
    Shit! Shit! Shit! What the hell's with this place!

Aeris
...Cloud! I know it's going to be tough, but...
Don't give up! We can do it!

Trying to enter a room along the way...

Cloud
Sealed......? That sound brings back memories.

Ahead is a humanoid being which turns and runs farther into the temple. Cloud and the others follow it to a small room.

Spirit Body
Nyum... nyum...

Aeris
Whew! We finally caught up to you.
I'm sorry. You waited for me.
Those are the spirit bodies of the Ancients.
They've been away from their Planet for a long time to protect this Temple.
Over the many years, they've lost the ability to talk.
Actually, they didn't need words from the beginning because there was only one objective for those left in the Temple.
Please, talk to me!
No good. I don't understand the rest. Are you afraid...?
Is it because Sephiroth is in the Temple? Or something else?

They follow a second Spirit Body into a room farther down, and it sets off a trap of odd-shaped boulders. Once they make it past, the trap deactivates.

Aeris
Phew--- We did it!

Cloud
Everyone all right? That sure took a lot out of us.

There is a flash and Aeris gasps.

Aeris
Oh no... Cloud. Come quick!!
Hurry, this way!

She runs off and the others follow her to a glowing pool.

Aeris
It's full of the knowledge of the Ancients.
No... not knowledge... consciousness... a living soul...
It's trying to say something.
I'm sorry, I don't understand.

She leans down towards the pool.

What?
What is it?

She gets back to her feet.

...Danger? An evil... consciousness?
...show? You're going to show me?

The scene changes to another room where Tseng is observing a mural. Cloud and the others stand translucent in the foreground.

Cloud
...What's going on?

Aeris
Wait! Look! It's showing us!

Elena
Tseng, what's this? Can we find the Promised Land with this?

Tseng
...I wonder. Anyway, we have to report to the President.

Elena
Be careful, Tseng.

Tseng
Yeah...
Hey Elena, how 'bout dinner after this job's over?

Elena
Th... Thank you very much.
If I may be excused...

She runs off, leaving Tseng alone.

Tseng
Is this the Promised Land? No, it can't be...

Sephiroth appears in the foreground with Cloud and the others. He seems to look at them, then solidifies in the mural room with Tseng.

Tseng
Sephiroth!!

Sephiroth
So you opened the door. Well done.

Tseng
This place... what is it?

Sephiroth
A lost treasure house of knowledge. The wisdom of the Ancients...
I am becoming one with the Planet.

Tseng
One with the Planet?

Sephiroth
You stupid fools. You have never even thought about it.
All the spirit energy of this Planet. All its wisdom... knowledge...
I will meld with it all. I will become one with it... it will become one with me.

Tseng
...you can do that?

Sephiroth
The way...... lies here.

He darts forward and slashes Tseng.

Only death awaits you all. But do not fear.
For it is through death that a new spirit energy is born. Soon, you will live again as a part of me.

The scene returns to the viewing pool. Aeris runs around to rejoin the others.

Aeris
Did you see it?

    Barret
    Yeah, I saw it.

    Tifa
    ...I saw it.

    Nanaki
    I... I saw it.

    Yuffie
    Oh grossness!

    Cait Sith
    ...I saw it. Tseng was in bad shape.

    Vincent
    An illusion that the Ancients showed...

    Cid
    Hey hey! What's the catch?

Cloud
...Where is the room with the pictures on the walls?

Aeris
Almost there...

Cloud
Sephiroth is here, right?
No matter what he thinks, it's going to end here.
I'm taking him out!

    Barret
    You mean WE are, right?

    Tifa
    We're here too, you know.

    Nanaki
    Don't forget about us!

    Yuffie
    I have nothing to do with it. But, I guess I'll lend a hand.

    Cait Sith
    I wonder if he'll go down that easy?

    Vincent
    ......

    Cid
    All right! Guess you youngsters gotta be enthusiastic like that!

Cloud and the others continue on to the chamber of the Time Guardian, a circular, almost bottomless room with hands like a clock face. Around it are the entrances to twelve rooms.

Time Guardian
I am the Time Guardian. Ye who seek the knowledge of the Ancients. I control the time, select your path.
...it is time... You may proceed.

If the second hand knocks them off as they try to cross, Cloud and the others land in a torch-lit chamber below.

Aeris
This atmosphere...

    Barret
    Feels like a battle!

    Tifa
    Here it comes!

    Nanaki
    I'm tingling with excitement.

    Yuffie
    Oh man! I should've stayed at home.

    Cait Sith
    It's a battle!

    Vincent
    A battle...

    Cid
    Let's do it!

Cloud and the others come out through the sealed entrance and make their way back to the Time Guardian. Passages II, IX, and XI are blocked by rubble. Most of the other passages contain valuable items or monsters. Passage XII is the way out, but it seems to be locked.

Cloud
I guess there's no way we can open it... We'll come back later.

Passage VI leads to a room with three levels of doorways, the topmost of which has a more ornate-looking door. Upon seeing Cloud, a Spirit Body locks this door and runs off.

Aeris
Hey! It's locked.
No good. We have to catch it!
You must be tired.

Cloud
- Yeah
- I want to go home

Yeah

Aeris
Just hang in there. Someday we'll look back at these hard times and laugh.

I want to go home

Aeris
Yeah. But it'll all be over soon!

Cloud catches the Spirit Body and unlocks the door. The three of them enter the room of murals. The murals seem to show a progression:
In the first, people are depicted standing outside the Temple.
In the second, people may be walking in a procession.
In the third, they are standing around the altar in the Temple.
In the fourth, they stand near a low table with two jar-like objects on it.
In the fifth, a woman holds the Black Materia while Meteor falls from the sky.
In the sixth, people are looking about in confusion.
In the seventh, people are dying in flames.

Aeris
This is the room with the murals...

Cloud
Where are you!? Sephiroth!!

Sephiroth appears a ways in front of them.

Sephiroth
So cold.
I am always by your side.
Come.

He flies up to the ceiling and disappears. He reappears in front of one of the murals.

Splendid.
A treasure house of knowledge...

Cloud
I don't understand what you're saying!

Sephiroth laughs and flies off again. Cloud finds him again before the mural depicting Meteor.

Sephiroth
Look well.

Cloud
At what!?

Sephiroth
At that which adds to the knowledge of...
I am becoming one with the Planet.

He laughs, flies off, and Cloud finds him slumped the altar.

Sephiroth
...Mother... ...It's almost time.
Soon... we will become one.

He gets to his feet as Cloud and the others reach him. Aeris steps forward with fists raised.

Aeris
How do you intend to become one with the Planet?

Sephiroth (swinging the Masamune)
It's simple.
Once the Planet is hurt, it gathers Spirit Energy to heal the injury.
The amount of energy gathered depends on the size of the injury.

He stabs the Masamune into the floor.

...What would happen if there was an injury that threatened the very life of the Planet?
Think how much energy would be gathered!

He pulls the Masamune from the ground.

Ha ha ha. And at the center of that injury, will be me.
All that boundless energy will be mine.
By merging with all the energy of the Planet, I will become a new life form, a new existence.
Melding with the Planet... I will cease to exist as I am now...
Only to be reborn as a 'God' to rule over every soul.

Aeris
An injury powerful enough to destroy the Planet?
Injure... the Planet?

Sephiroth
Behold that mural. The Ultimate Destructive Magic... Meteor.

Cloud
That'll never happen!

Sephiroth flies off over Cloud's head.

Wake up!!

Cloud runs off after him.

Cloud
Where are you!? Sephiroth!!

Aeris
Wait, Cloud!

She runs after Cloud and finds him standing before the mural depicting Meteor, his body shaking in a double image.

Aeris
Cloud!!

    Barret
    Hey!! Cloud!!

    Tifa
    Hey, Cloud!

    Nanaki
    Cloud! What's wrong!

    Yuffie
    Cloud! What are you doing?

    Cait Sith
    Cloud! What's wrong with you!?

    Vincent
    What are you doing?

    Cid
    What the hell is going on!

Cloud
Ha ha ha... Black Materia.
Ha ha ha... Call Meteor.

Aeris
Cloud!! Get a hold of yourself!

Cloud starts clutching his head.

Cloud
Cloud...
I'm... Cloud...
How should I?

He goes through a number of motions typical of Cloud, an afterimage of himself trying to fit together with him. Eventually they merge.

...I remember! I remember my way.

He turns to Aeris, trying to look nonchalant.

Aeris
...Cloud.

Cloud
Mm? What's wrong? Is something wrong?

Aeris
...It's nothing so don't worry about it.
Right, Cloud! It's nothing.

Barret looks at her oddly, but says nothing. Tifa nods. Nanaki and Vincent look pensive. Yuffie and Cait Sith shrug. Cid scratches his head.

Aeris
Sephiroth got away.

Cloud
...Don't worry about it. I understood what he was saying.
So this must be Meteor, right?

They all look at the mural.

    Barret
    Is it some sort of a disaster?
    It looks like something's gonna fall from the sky.

    Tifa
    Is something going to fall from the sky?

    Nanaki
    Something's going to fall down?

    Yuffie
    I don't know what it is but...
    It looks like it's going to make a mess...

    Cait Sith
    Then, we got trouble.
    Oh, so something's going to fall from the sky? It's going to be something big.

    Vincent
    Something huge is falling from the sky?

    Cid
    I don't know what the hell it is but it's falling from the sky?
    Hmpf! It's not even an omen.

Aeris
...this must be magic. Just what Sephiroth was saying.
The Ultimate Destructive Magic, Meteor.
It finds small drifting planets with its magic.
And then collides with them. This Planet might get wiped out entirely...

The Temple starts quaking.

Cloud
Sephiroth!?

Sephiroth
Ha ha ha... It is not me.

Cloud and the others fight off a Red Dragon.

Cloud
Any sign of Sephiroth?

Aeris
He disappeared.

If they try to leave the room...

Cloud
We're locked in.

They approach the altar.

Cloud
What is this?

Aeris
...There's something written on it.
...B.l.a.c.k...... M.a.t.e.r.i.a.

Cloud
Black Materia!!

Aeris
Hey!
...Black Materia.
What should we do, Cloud?

Cloud
- Shake it
- Take it
- Leave it

Shake it

The Temple quakes.

Take it

The Temple quakes.

Leave it

Cloud shrugs.

Aeris
Wait a minute. I'll ask!

She runs a little ways away from the others.

I don't understand......
What?
Really!?

She rejoins Cloud.

They said that the Temple itself is the Black Materia.

Cloud
What do they mean?

Aeris
So, this whole building is the Black Materia?

Cloud
This huge Temple? This is the Black Materia!?
Then no one could take it.

Aeris
Hmm, it's pretty hard. You see this is a model of the Temple.
And inside it is a device which gets smaller each time you solve a puzzle.
As the model becomes smaller, you become smaller too.
Until it's small enough to fit in the palm of your hand.

Cloud
So, if we solve the puzzles, the Black Materia will get smaller and smaller and we can take it out?

Aeris
Yes, but there's one thing...
You can only answer the puzzles inside the Temple.
So, anyone who solves the puzzle will be crushed by the Temple.

Cloud
I see... the Ancients didn't want dangerous magic to be taken out of the Temple so easily...

    Barret
    Then just leave it.
    If we can't take it, then neither can Sephiroth, right?

    Tifa
    Let's just leave it, OK?

    Nanaki
    That'll be safer. If no one can else take it......
    Then Sephiroth can't either, right?

    Yuffie
    Let's just leave it and get the hell out of here!

    Cait Sith
    The Ancients were a mean bunch. This way, no one'll be able to get it.

    Vincent
    I guess that means it's safe here.

    Cid
    Guess stuff this dangerous is best left alone?

Cloud
No. We've got to think of a way to get it out.
Because Sephiroth has lots of different flunkies.
It's nothing to him to throw their lives away to get the Black Materia.
This place isn't safe.

He taps the altar, and the Temple shakes.

Aeris
So what are we going to do?

If Cait Sith is in the party...

Cait Sith steps forward.

Cait Sith
I heard your situation!
Don't forget about me.
Everything you said makes perfect sense!
You can use my stuffed body for the future of the Planet.

Cloud
We can't let Sephiroth get his hands on the Black Materia.
And we can't let the Shinra get theirs on it either.

Cait Sith
So that means you don't trust me?
But Cloud. There's really nothing else you can do.
Everyone, please trust me.

Cloud
- I guess we have no choice
- No way

I guess we have no choice

Cait Sith
All righty then! Leave it all to me!
Everyone, hurry up and get outside!
I'll go with you to a safe place.

No way

Cait Sith
You sure are stubborn, Cloud.
Please believe me, Cloud.

Cloud
- Hmmm, I guess I have to
- How can I?

If Cait Sith is not in the party...

Cloud's PHS rings, and after a moment of confusion he answers it.

Cait Sith
Hi, Cloud. This is Cait Sith.
I overheard the whole story!
Don't forget about me.
Everything you said makes perfect sense!
You can use my stuffed body for the future of the Planet.

Cloud
We can't let Sephiroth get his hands on the Black Materia.
And we can't let the Shinra get theirs on it either.

Cait Sith
But Cloud. There's really nothing else you can do.
Everyone, please trust me.

Cloud
- I guess we have no choice
- No way

I guess we have no choice

Cait Sith
All righty then! Leave it all to me!
Please hurry, you've got to get out of here!
I'll be waiting at the exit!

No way

Cait Sith
You sure are stubborn, Cloud.
Please believe me, Cloud.

Cloud
- Hmmm, I guess I have to
- How can I?

Eventually Cloud has to agree. They make for the exit through the XII passage. Cloud knocks on the door, then turns around and shrugs.

Cloud
It's warm...
This isn't good...

The others back up as a monster comes through the wall.

Aeris
Cloud...... behind you.

Cloud turns to look and then runs to join them. They fight the Demons Gate, and afterward, the door opens.

Cait Sith
Sorry to keep you waiting!! It's Me!! [He doesn't say this line if you had him in your party.]
I'll handle the rest!
Well, everyone... Take care of yourselves!

Aeris
Cait Sith...
Come on, Cloud... Say something.

Cloud
I'm not good at this.

Cait Sith
Mmm, I understand. I feel the same too.

Aeris
Why don't you read our fortunes?

Cait Sith
Say, that's right... I haven't done it in a while, huh?
I'm so exited. Right or wrong, I'm still the same 'ol me.
Now, what should I predict?

Aeris moves to stand close beside Cloud.

Aeris
Hmm, let's see how compatible Cloud and I are!

Tifa turns away with a hmph and then turns back.

Cait Sith
That'll cost ya. Exactly one date!
Here I go!

He turns away.

This isn't good. I can't say it.
Poor Tifa.

Aeris runs up to him.

Aeris
No! Tell me!
I promise I won't get mad!

Cait Sith
Is that so? Then I'll tell you.
Looks good. You are perfect for each other!
Aeris's star and Cloud's star! They show a great future!
Cloud, I'll be your matchmaker, preacher... I'll do whatever you want me to!
You just call me when it all happens!
Thank you for believing in me, knowing that I was a spy.
This is the final, final farewell!

He bounces off.

Aeris
Be strong Cait Sith!!

Cait Sith returns alone to the room with the murals.

Cait Sith
She told me to 'Be strong.' I feel so happy.

He trips and falls.

Owwww......

He carefully gets back up and waves his arms.

What happened?

He bounces around.

I can still move more.

He continues to the altar.

This must be it!
The Ancients sure did a great job making this.
I can protect the Planet too! I'm kinda embarrassed...
There's plenty of stuffed toys like my body around, but there's only one me!
Don't forget me even if another Cait Sith comes along.
Good bye, then! I guess I'm off to save the Planet...

Outside the Temple, Cloud and the others watch as it rumbles and shrinks. They run to the deep pit where the Temple used to be, and down at the bottom is a black orb.

Cloud
That's the Black Materia...

    Barret
    Hey! I'll keep watch here!

    Tifa
    I'll wait here.

    Nanaki
    I'll be sittin' out here.

    Yuffie
    Heh heh... this looks majorly boring, so I'll stay here.

    Vincent
    I'll be looking around here.

    Cid
    I'm gonna have a smoke out here!
    Ahhh!! It's really something, having a smoke at a place like this.

Cloud nods and starts down. Aeris follows behind him.

Cloud
As long as we have this, Sephiroth won't be able to use Meteor.

Got Key Item "Black Materia!"

Cloud
Mmm?
Can you guys use it?

Aeris
Nope, we can't use it right now. You need great spiritual power to use it.

Cloud
You mean lots of Spiritual energy?

Aeris
That's right.
One person's power alone won't do it.
Somewhere special. Where there's plenty of the Planet's energy...
Oh yeah!
The Promised Land!!

Cloud
The Promised Land!!
No, but...

Aeris
Sephiroth is different. He's not an Ancient.

Cloud
He shouldn't be able to find the Promised Land.

Sephiroth appears hovering above the pit.

Sephiroth
...Ah, but I have.
I'm far superior to the Ancients.
I became a traveler of the Lifestream and gained the knowledge and wisdom of the Ancients.
I also gained the knowledge and wisdom of those after the extinction of the Ancients.
And soon, I will create the future.

Aeris
I won't let you do it! The future is not only yours!

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha... I wonder?
Wake up!

Cloud
Sh... shut up!

Sephiroth joins them at the bottom of the pit.

Sephiroth
There, Cloud... good boy.

Cloud
The... Noise...

Cloud falls to his knees, then gets up. Time slows as he runs towards Sephiroth. A child Cloud appears there with them and tries to stop Cloud, to no avail.

Cloud
Wa...... aaaa...... aaa...

Little Cloud
No......!
Don't be afraid--!

Gave "Black Materia" to Sephiroth!

Sephiroth
......Well done.

He flies off.

Aeris
Cloud, are you all right?

Cloud
...I gave the Black Materia to Sephiroth...?

He falls at Aeris's feet.

Wha... what did I do... tell me, Aeris.

Aeris
Cloud... be strong, OK?

He writhes and clutches his head.

Cloud
Urrrrrrgh... What have I done!?

Aeris
Cloud... you haven't done anything.
It's not your fault.

Cloud
I...! I'm-----!

He shoves Aeris to the ground and starts attacking her.

    Barret
    Urrggggggh!!!! Cloud!!

    Tifa
    Cloud!!

    Nanaki
    Cloud!!

    Yuffie
    What!? Cloud!

    Vincent
    ......!

    Cid
    Hey! EY!

The one on watch starts down into the pit just as another Cait Sith arrives.

Little Cloud
Waaaa~!!
What are you doing!?

Cait Sith
Oops! This looks like I came at a bad time!
I'm Cait Sith No. 2. Right pleased to meet you all!

If no one else is there, he goes down into the pit.

    Barret
    HEY! Cloud, you #$#&@!

    Tifa
    Cloud, what are you doing!?

    Nanaki
    Aeris, are you all right!?

    Yuffie
    Aeris! Cloud, what're you doing!?

    Cait Sith
    Cloud!! What are you doin'!!

    Vincent
    Cloud!

    Cid
    Cloud! What the hell are you doing?

They knock Cloud out.

The screen goes white.

Cloud
Everything is white...
What did I do? I don't remember anything...
My memory... since when...? If everything's a dream, don't wake me.

The scene changes to the Sleeping Forest. Aeris peeks out from behind a tree.

Aeris
Cloud, can you hear me?

Cloud
Yeah, I hear you. Sorry for what happened.

Aeris
Don't worry about it.

Cloud
...I can't help it...

Aeris
Oh...
Then, why don't you REALLY worry about it?
And let me handle Sephiroth.

She laughs.

And Cloud, you take care of yourself.
So you don't have a breakdown, okay?

She walks back behind the tree, and then both of them drop down from the canopy. Cloud looks around.

Cloud
What is this place?

Aeris
This forest leads to the City of the Ancients... and is called the Sleeping Forest.
It's only a matter of time before Sephiroth uses Meteor.
That's why I'm going to protect it. Only a survivor of the Cetra, like me, can do it.

She walks a ways down the path.

The secret is just up here.
At least it should be. ...I feel it. It feels like I'm being led by something.

She waves.

Then, I'll be going now. I'll come back when it's all over.

Cloud
Aeris?

She runs off. Cloud tries to follow, but only runs in place. Aeris disappears into the light.

Sephiroth
Hmm...... She's thinking of interfering? She will be a difficult one, don't you think?

He drops down from the canopy.

Sephorith
We must stop that girl soon.

Cloud wakes to find himself in the Gongaga inn.

< Gold Saucer | The Temple of the Ancients | Gongaga >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Gongaga - Afraid to Go On

Cloud wakes in the Gongaga inn. Barret and Tifa are at his bedside.

Barret
You look like you was havin' a nightmare.
How are you feeling?

Cloud
- I seem to be OK
- Not good
- Don't really know

I seem to be OK

Barret
That's good. Man, I didn't know what was gonna happen.

Not good

Barret
Oh... Better keep it to yourself.

Don't really know

Barret
I guess that's right. Well, don't worry too much about it.

Tifa
You know, Cloud. Aeris is gone.

Barret
Everyone's out looking for Aeris.

Cloud sits up.

Cloud
......City of the Ancients. Aeris is headed there.

Barret
By herself!? Why did she go by herself!?
Hey, we're goin' too.

Cloud
Only the Ancients, only Aeris can save us from Meteor...

Tifa
Then we must go. What'll we do if something happens to Aeris? If Sephiroth finds her, she's in trouble.

Cloud
Sephiroth... already knows.

Barret
Hey! Why are you still sittin' around?

Tifa
Let's go, Cloud.

Cloud
No.

He clutches his head.

I might lose it again.
If Sephiroth comes near me
I might......

Barret
Yeah, godammit! It's 'cuz of you that Sephiroth got the Black Materia in the first place. It's your damn fault!

Cloud
My fault?

Barret
I know you got problems... hell, we all do. But you don't even understand yourself.
But you gotta understand that there ain't no gettin' offa this train we're on, till we get to the end of the line.

Tifa
Cloud, we came this far... Aren't you going to settle up with Sephiroth?

Cloud (shaking his head)
No...
I'm afraid.
If this keeps up, I may go crazy!
I'm afraid...

Barret
Just a damn jackass, that's what you are...
Yo, jes' think about it... How many people in this world do ya think really understand themselves?
People get depressed in life because they don't know what's up.
But, they go on living. They don't run away... Isn't that how it is?

He walks out of the room.

Tifa
Cloud... you'll come with us, right? I believe in you.

She walks out after Barret.

Cloud
What... am I supposed to do?
Pull out of here?
Pull out? ...To where?

Tifa (from the next room)
Cloud...

Barret
Wait a minute, Tifa. Give him a little time.
He has to decide this on his own.
You believe in Cloud... right?

He leaves the inn, and Tifa follows reluctantly.

Cloud
......I'm afraid to find out the truth...? But...... why?

He gets to his feet.

Innkeeper
You awake?
Those people were so worried that they stayed by your side until you woke up.
You sure do have good friends.

Cloud walks outside.

Tifa
Cloud...

Barret
Hey, how are you?
I just wanna know, which is it gonna be?
You wanna find out about yourself? Or are you afraid to find out?
Either way, you stay around here and about all you can do is worry about it.
Even if you do go nuts again when you see Sephiroth... If it happens, it happens.
I'll go upside your spikey white head and bring you back to normal!

Tifa
Cloud, it'll be all right. We're all with you.

Cloud
But...

Barret
If it happens, it happens. Don't worry 'bout it.

Cloud
...You're... right. ......He's right, isn't he?

Tifa
Come on, let's go and find Aeris...?

Together, they leave Gongaga to search for Aeris.

< The Temple of the Ancients | Gongaga | Bone Village >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Bone Village - A Town of Excavators

Cloud and the others arrive at Bone Village.

Excavator
Welcome to Bone Village, a town for nature lovers.
What do you want?

Cloud
- Where is the City of the Ancients?
- Do you know where Aeris is?
- What are you doing?

Where is the City of the Ancients?

Excavator
The City of the Ancients? Oh, you must mean the Forgotten City.

Do you know where Aeris is?

Excavator
Are you talking about that girl? I warned her, but she went into the Sleeping Forest anyway.

What are you doing?

Excavator
We're excavating. It's like the land's telling a history of the planet.

Excavator 2
Excavating is a slow process. The treasures we excavate are stored in the box next to the tent. Remember that.

Excavator 3
You can awaken the Sleeping Forest if you have the Lunar Harp.
Once awake, they say the forest will open a road for you.
The girl in pink that just went in also used a Lunar Harp to get through.

Cloud
- I want a Lunar Harp

Excavator 3
Ask the guy in the tent below.

Excavator 4
We use the newest system to find buried treasure. We simulate earthquakes by using bombs, and then check the sound waves given off by the tremors.

Excavator near Forest
The forest just beyond here is called the Sleeping Forest. Right now the forest is asleep and anyone who wanders in while it's asleep, it confuses. You can go in, but you may never come out...
But just now, a girl in pink and a man in a Black Cape went in. You think they'll be all right?

Head Excavator
The Lunar Harp is somewhere in the ground here. We could excavate it for you if you want us to.

Cloud
- Start diggin'

Head Excavator
It's not just the Lunar Harp you're after. What else are you having us dig for?

Cloud
- Lunar Harp
- Good treasure
- Normal treasure

Head Excavator
All right! Then I'll lend you some of my staff. Show us where you want us to dig!

The excavators eventually retrieve the Lunar Harp, and Cloud heads into the Forest.

< Gongaga | Bone Village | The City of the Ancients >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The City of the Ancients - Aeris's Sacrifice
Searching for Aeris
Aeris's Death
Cloud's Resolution

Cloud and the others reach the City of the Ancients, a forebodingly deserted place. Going too far north along the path causes Cloud's companions to stop him.

    Barret
    Hey yo! Wait up.
    That way goes to the Mountains up north. Let's hurry and find Aeris.

    Tifa
    Hey, hey Cloud.
    If we continue this way, we'll end up in the Northern Mountains. Aeris isn't over there, right?

    Nanaki
    Wait!
    That road leads to the Northern Mountains. We have to go the other way to find Aeris.

    Yuffie
    Ahhh--- I can't go another step!!
    We're looking for Aeris, right! Then why are you heading for the mountains!? What a dork!

    Cait Sith
    Wa------it!
    Cloud, uh that's the road to the Northern Mountains.
    Aeris is waiting, let's go find her.

    Vincent
    Wait, Cloud.
    This is the road to the Northern Mountains. Don't you want to find Aeris?

    Cid
    H...ey, Cloud.
    You thinkin' of going skiing? If we wanna find Aeris, we go THAT way!

After exploring the city and finding it empty, Cloud and the others enter the one shell house that's still in tact. Cloud touches one of the glowing orbs.

Cloud
...Ugh.
...Words of the Ancients?
...no good. I can't understand.
...Ugh, again?
This stream of consciousness... Could this be the words of the Ancients...?

Upstairs, there are several beds.

    Barret
    heh, there's a bed.

    Tifa
    Do you think the people who used to live here used it?

    Nanaki
    Look, there's a bed here.

    Yuffie
    How COOL! I can't believe we found such a soft bed in a dive like this.

    Cait Sith
    We're in luck. There's a bed in here.

    Vincent
    I wonder if the owners used this?

    Cid
    Yeah, and it looks pretty comfortable.

    Barret
    Yo, Cloud. Let's take a break here.

    Tifa
    Shall we take a break here?

    Nanaki
    Hey, let's rest a bit. I'm tired...

    Yuffie
    Come on--, let's rest for a while--- I don't want to walk anymore...

    Cait Sith
    Cloud, why don't we catch 40?

    Vincent
    Maybe we should take a short nap?

    Cid
    I'm beat. Why don't we get some rest?

They go to sleep, but Cloud wakes in the middle of the night.

Cloud
I feel it...

    Barret
    Cloud, what is it?

    Tifa
    Cloud... what's wrong?

    Nanaki
    What's wrong? Are you sick?

    Yuffie
    Hey---, Cloud. What's your problem?

    Cait Sith
    What's wrong? What time is it...?

    Vincent
    ...What's wrong?

    Cid
    Do you know what TIME it is!?

Cloud
Aeris is here.
...and so is Sephiroth.

    Barret
    Wh, what! Sephiroth!?

    Tifa
    You're saying it's not just Aeris, but Sephiroth, too?

    Nanaki
    What! Sephiroth's here too!?

    Yuffie
    No way---! Sephiroth wasn't invited!

    Cait Sith
    Are you serious, Cloud!?

    Vincent
    ...If that's true, then we're in for it.

    Cid
    Wa, wa, wait a minute. You serious!?

    Barret
    How do you know that?

    Tifa
    But how can you tell?

    Nanaki
    How did you find out?

    Yuffie
    Wh...why? How can you tell that kind of stuff?

    Cait Sith
    But how can you tell that?

    Vincent
    ...How did you find that out?

    Cid
    Hey, how do you know!?

Cloud
...it's not an excuse. I feel it in my soul.

    Barret
    Then, we better get up offa our lazy asses!!

    Tifa
    If that's true, then we've got to hurry! We've got to get to Aeris!

    Nanaki
    Wh, ...what should we do? We must hurry to her!

    Yuffie
    That means it's pretty bad... doesn't it?

    Cait Sith
    If that's true, then we're in for it! We have to find Aeris fast!

    Vincent
    If that's true, we should hurry. Something terrible could happen at any moment.

    Cid
    Shit, Cloud. We can't be sittin' around on our asses.

Cloud
...right. Let's hurry and find Aeris.

They go down the path from the house a ways and Cloud stops.

Cloud
Aeris's voice...... Coming from there?

They go to the shell house near the lake and find a hidden stairway down to the altar where Aeris is praying. Cloud and the others stop on the platform below the stepping-stone pillars.

Cloud
Aeris?

He starts up on his own, gesturing for the others to stay back. Upon reaching Aeris, he draws his sword and moves to attack her.

All
Cloud!

    Barret
    Stop it!!

    Tifa
    Stop!

    Nanaki
    What are you doing!

    Yuffie
    Sto----p!

    Cait Sith
    What are you doing!

    Vincent
    Stop it!

    Cid
    Dumb #^%@!

Their voices stop him and he shakes his head, lowering his sword and stepping back.

Cloud
Ugh... what are you making me do.

Aeris looks up from her prayer with a smile, and Sephiroth leaps down from above to impale her. As he pulls the Masamune back out of her, the White Materia comes loose from her hair and bounces down the steps. Cloud moves to take Aeris in his arms as she falls.

Cloud
...Aeris.

He shakes her.

This can't be real!

Sephiroth (arms raised)
Do not worry. Soon the girl will become part of the Planet's energy.
All that is left is to go North. The 'Promised Land' waits for me over the snowy fields.
There, I will become a new being by uniting with the planet. As will this girl......

Cloud
...Shut up.
The cycle of nature and your stupid plan don't mean a thing.
Aeris is gone.
Aeris will no longer talk, no longer laugh, cry...... or get angry......
What about us...... what are WE supposed to do?
What about my pain?
My fingers are tingling.
My mouth is dry.
My eyes are burning!

Sephiroth lowers his arms.

Sephiroth
What are you saying? Are you trying to tell me you have feelings too?

Cloud stands and turns to face Sephiroth.

Cloud
Of course! Who do you think I am!?

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha...... Stop acting as if you were sad.
There's no need to act as though you're angry either.

He pushes off the floor to hover several feet above Cloud.

Because, Cloud. You are...

Sephiroth flies off, and Cloud and the others are left to fight Jenovaâˆ™LIFE.

Jenova
Beacause, you are...... a puppet.

Cloud
I'm....... a puppet?

Barret looks at Aeris, shakes his head, touches Cloud's shoulder, and walks off.
Tifa kneels to trace Aeris's face with her hand and then runs off crying.
Nanaki looks at Aeris, shakes his head, howls, and pads down the stairs.
Yuffie clasps her hands and bows her head. She walks to Cloud, and he holds her while she cries. Eventually she calms and runs off.
Cait Sith looks at Aeris, then at Cloud. He does a half-hearted dance, then leaves with his head lowered.
Vincent looks at Aeris, then at Cloud, and walks away.
Cid looks at Aeris, sighs, and leaves.
Once everyone has said goodbye, Cloud lifts Aeris and carries her to the lake, where he lets her body sink into the water.

Cloud and the others stand in the shell house where they slept earlier.

Cloud
Everyone, listen to me.
I'm Cloud, ex-SOLDIER, born in Nibelheim.
I came to settle up with Sephiroth.

    Barret
    What're ya tryin' to say?

    Tifa
    ...What's going on?

    Nanaki
    ...Hmm?

    Yuffie
    Why now?

    Cait Sith
    Why're you being so formal? Is something wrong?

    Vincent
    ...You're right.

    Cid
    I heard that before.

Cloud
I came here by my own free will... Or so I thought.
However...
...To tell the truth, I'm afraid of myself.
...There is a part of me that I don't understand.
That part that made me give the Black Materia to Sephiroth.
If you hadn't stopped me, Aeris might have been...
...There's something inside of me. A person who is not really me.
That's why I should quit this journey.
Before I do something terrible.

He makes a fist and shakes his head slowly.

But I am going.
He destroyed my hometown five years ago, killed Aeris, and is now trying to destroy the Planet. I'll never forgive... Sephiroth.
I... I must go on.
...I have a favor to ask of you.
Will you all come with me?
...to save me from doing something terrible.

    Barret
    ...I dunno, man...

    Tifa
    ...But, Cloud.

    Nanaki
    ...All right, Cloud.

    Yuffie
    Leave it to me!

    Cait Sith
    Watch you?...... We're all in this together!

    Vincent
    ...I guess so.

    Cid
    Well, we'll face it when it happens.

Cloud
I don't know how Aeris tried to save the planet from the Meteor.
And I guess now, we'll never know.
But!
We still have a chance. We must get that Black Materia back before Sephiroth uses it.
Let's go.

Cloud leads the way from the shell house and they walk down the path a ways.

    Barret
    Which way'd that damn foo' Sephiroth go?

    Tifa
    Sephiroth... I wonder which way he went?

    Nanaki
    Sephiroth... Which way did he go?

    Yuffie
    Ummm... Which way did that Sephiroth guy go?

    Cait Sith
    I wonder which way Sephiroth went?

    Vincent
    Which way did Sephiroth head?

    Cid
    ...Which way did that creep Sephiroth go!?

Cloud
...ugh.

He sees a flickering image of Sephiroth walking the path to the north.

    Barret
    Hey, you awright?

    Tifa
    Cloud! Get a hold of yourself!!

    Nanaki
    You all right?

    Yuffie
    Wait! Get a hold of yourself!

    Cait Sith
    Cloud! Are you all right?

    Vincent
    ...you all right?

    Cid
    Ey, hey! You alright?

Cloud
Hmmm...
Sephiroth said to me... Head North............ past the Snow Fields......

They follow the path northward through Corral Valley Cave and out into the snow fields, after Sephiroth.

< Bone Village | The City of the Ancients | Icicle Inn >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Icicle Inn - Aeris's Birthplace
Exploring Icicle Inn
Gast's House
A Run-in with Elena

After crossing the snow fields, Cloud and the others reach Icicle Inn.

Girls Building a Snowman
It's almost finished!
Next time, I'm gonna make an even bigger one.

In the Weapons Shop...

Little Girl
Grandpa, wake up! We have a customer!!

Old Man
...smack... mff... Oh... welcome, glad you came.

Inside the large house...

Old Woman in Rocking Chair
My husband left 20 years ago and still hasn't come back.
He should at least be at the foot of the Gaea Cliffs. It's marked with a check on the map...

Young Woman
Grandma, don't sleep so close to the fire!

Old Woman
I just get s-o comfortable.

Young Woman
The master is an experienced climber, you know.
I've heard that he knows every corner of that Great Glacier!

Man in Yard
It's nearly impossible to reach the Northern limits without a map.
If you're thinkin' 'bout going to the Northern limits, you'd better take that map on the wall.

If Cloud has already taken the map...

What nerve! You already tore down the map.

Cloud takes the map on the wall and leaves the house. Inside Icicle Inn...

Black Surfer
You heard about the gnarly hill in this town? They tell me it's off limits!

White Surfer
What luck! We came all this way... crap!

Woman
We came from Costa del Sol to snowboard, but we're just about to leave!

Man by Furnace
Phew, what is it? Don't get too close, or it'll burn ya.

Innkeeper
It's colder than usual today...
It's 200 gil, you wanna spend the night?

Inside the inn's bar...

Woman
Welcome! You look like a STRONG one...
If you want, I could lend you an ear...?

Cloud
- Yeah
- Not interested

Yeah

The woman gets up and sits elsewhere.

Woman
I got bored listening to his stories.

Man in Overalls
Am I boring you?

Not interested

Woman
What's with you!? You make me sick!

Man in Overalls
If you go further North, I heard there's a Huge Crater.
Something huge must've fallen from the sky a long time ago!

Barkeeper
I've heard there's a snow woman, at the Great Glacier, that hates hot springs...
But I think it's just a myth to scare off visitors.

Redhead
I heard some guy went to the Great Glacier in the North.
What an idiot. Is he thinkin' 'bout going to that hot spring?

Blond Man
He's probably gonna get lost in the glacier and freeze to death.
No matter how well equipped he is, out there in that cold on the glacier, I give him two days at the most.

Redhead 2
You thinkin' of going North?

Cloud
- That's my plan
- No

That's my plan

Redhead 2
Well... if you're going past this town you'll need a map.
Maybe there's one left at Mr. Holzoff's house. He used to be a mountain climber.

No

Redhead 2
Yeah, we really don't have anything here, but make yourself at home.

Man
Do you know what a Cetra is?

Man 2
What was the Cetra......? Oh yeah, it's the same as the Ancients, right?

Man
Yeah, a Cetra lived in this town a long time ago.
Her name was Ifalna, and she knew about a lot of things...

Man 2
Whadaya mean?

Man
I heard she was abducted by the Shinra and was taken somewhere.

Man 2
Shinra and the Ancients... I smell somethin' fishy...

Man in Bathroom
WHAT'RE YOU LOOKING AT?
You're a real freakazoid, aren't you?

Woman in Bathroom (later)
Eyaaaaaaaaaah!!!

She punches Cloud.

In exploring the village, Cloud finds a vacant house that once belonged to Professor Gast. There are several videos that Cloud can watch.

    [The Original Crisis]

    The camera turns on and Gast adjusts the angle to center on Ifalna.

    Gast
    Camera's ready!
    Then, Ifalna, please tell us about the Cetra.

    Ifalna
    2000 years ago, our ancestors, the Cetra, heard the cries of the Planet.
    The first ones to discover the Planet's wound were the Cetra at the Knowlespole.

    Gast
    Tell us Ifalna... Where is the land called 'Knowlespole'?

    Ifalna
    Knowlespole refers to this area. The Cetra then began a Planet-reading.

    Gast
    Ifalna, what exactly does Planet-reading entail?

    Ifalna
    ...I can't explain it very well, but it's like having a conversation with the Planet...
    It said something fell from the sky making a large wound.

    She shakes her head.

    Thousands of Cetra pulled together, trying to heal the Planet...
    But, due to the severity of the wound, it was only able to heal itself, over many years.

    Gast
    Do the Ancients, rather, the Cetra, have special powers to heal the Planet?

    Ifalna
    No, it's not that kind of power. The life force of all living things on this Planet becomes the energy.
    The Cetra tried desperately to cultivate the land so as not to diminish the needed energy...

    Gast
    Hmm, even here so close to the North Cave, the snow never melts.
    Is that because the planet's energy is gathered here to heal its injury?

    Ifalna lowers her head.

    Ifalna
    Yes, the energy that was needed to heal the Planet withered away the land... then the Planet...
    The Planet tried to persuade the Cetra to leave the Knowlespole, but...

    Gast
    Ifalna... Let's take a break.

    She turns to him and shakes her head.

    Ifalna
    I'm all right... When the Cetra... were preparing to part with the land they loved...
    That's when it appeared!
    It looked like... our... our dead mothers... and our dead brothers. Showing us spectres of their past.

    Gast
    Who is the person that appeared at the North Cave? I haven't any idea.

    Ifalna
    That's when the one who injured the Planet... or the 'crisis from the sky', as we call him, came.

    She buries her face in her hands.

    He first approached as a friend, deceived them, and finally...... gave them the virus.
    The Cetra were attacked by the virus and went mad... transforming into monsters.

    She drops to her knees.

    Then, just as he had at the Knowlespole.
    He approached other Cetra clans...... infecting them with... the virus...

    Gast
    You don't look well... Let's call it a day.

    [What is "Weapon?"]

    Gast
    Ifalna, can you comment on the thing called 'Weapon'?

    Ifalna
    Yes, Professor.
    The one the Professor mistook for a Cetra... was named Jenova. That is the 'crisis from the sky'.
    The Planet knew it had to destroy the 'crisis from the sky'...
    You see, as long as Jenova exists, the Planet will never be able to fully heal itself.

    Gast
    Back then, Weapon was a weapon the Planet produced of it's own will?

    Ifalna
    Yes, but... There is no record of Weapon ever being used.
    A small number of the surviving Cetra defeated Jenova, and confined it.
    The Planet produced Weapon... But it was no longer necessary to use it.

    Gast
    So, Weapon no longer exists on this Planet?

    Ifalna
    Weapon cannot vanish. ...it remains asleep somewhere on the Planet.
    Even though Jenova is confined, it could come back to life at some time...
    The Planet has not fully healed itself yet. It is still, watching Jenova.

    Gast
    Where is Weapon?

    Ifalna shakes her head.

    Ifalna
    I don't know...... I can't hear the voice of the Planet well...
    Times... have changed. The Planet... is probably watching this situation closely.

    She buries her face in her hands. Gast turns away and shakes his head.

    Gast
    ...Thank you, Ifalna, that will be all for today...

    [Confidential -- Daughter's Record: 10th Day after birth]

    Ifalna
    What are you doing, Profes...... I mean, honey?

    Gast
    Oh, I'm thinking of taping it on video. But, the video's not working right...

    Ifalna
    What are you going to tape? Is there still something I haven't mentioned?

    Gast
    No, that's not it. I'm going to record my beautiful daughter.
    And when she's sleeping, her face... looks like an angel.

    Ifalna
    First, we have to figure out her name. We can take the video later!

    Gast
    I've already decided! If it's a girl, then it'll be Aeris. That's that!

    Ifalna
    You are SO selfish! But Aeris is a good name!
    Hee hee... it's a good name, considering it came out of that forgetful head of yours!

    Gast
    Right!? Oh, the video tape......

    [Confidential -- Daughter's Record: 20th Day after birth]

    Ifalna
    Video again? You just got through taping!

    Gast
    .........Please don't say it that way.
    It's our lovely daughter, both yours... and mine!
    Don't you want to capture her childhood on videotape?

    Ifalna
    If you keep doting on her like that, she won't grow up to be strong...
    Aeris is different from the other children. I wonder what dangers await her...?

    Gast
    Never say that! I will protect you and Aeris no matter what!!
    You and Aeris are my only treasures. I'll never let you go!!

    Ifalna
    I feel so much better now, darling.
    If I hadn't met you, I......

    They start to embrace, but there is a knock on the door.

    Gast
    Who could that--I was just about to...
    Damn!!
    How dare they intrude on our 'private time' together!

    Ifalna
    I'll send them away.
    Yes, at once!!
    Who the devil?

    She goes to the door and opens it.

    It, it's them!!

    She runs back down the stairs and hides behind Gast. They both back up as two Shinra soldiers enter, followed by Hojo.

    Hojo
    Heh, heh, heh...... I've been searching for you, Ifalna... or should I say, Cetra!
    Long time no see, Professor Gast!

    Gast
    Hojo... How did you know?

    Hojo
    Believe me, I had to turn over a stone or two to find you.
    Two years I waited... That's how much I wanted this new sample...... Ha, ha, ha.

    Ifalna buries her face in her hands and Gast shakes his head.

    Gast
    ...New sample? You don't mean Aeris!?

    Hojo
    Hmm, Aeris? What a nice name...... Ha, ha, ha.

    Gast
    That's it! I'm severing all ties with the Shinra.
    Hojo, please leave.

    Ifalna moves to kneel at Hojo's feet.

    Ifalna
    Please, Aeris has nothing to do with it! All you want is me, right?

    Gast
    Ifalna!

    Hojo
    I'll need all of you for my experiment.
    You understand don't you, Professor Gast? We can change the future of the Planet!

    Gast kneels down beside Ifalna.

    Gast
    Don't worry, Ifalna. I'll take care of this!

    Hojo
    Please don't put up a fight. I don't want any harm to come to my precious sample.
    Mmm? What a funny looking camera. Guard! Destroy it!

    One of the soldiers turns to shoot out the camera. The video feed fails.

    Hojo
    Be careful with her!! Ha, ha, ha......

    Ifalna
    Wh... what are you doing, Professor!?

    Gast
    Ifalna! Take Aeris and run!!

    There is a gunshot and a thud.

    Ifalna
    Eyaaaaaah... Darling......!!

    Hojo
    Oh, and uh... don't forget the child!
    Hmm, a video? The Ancients... Weapon!?
    Heh, heh, heh... a mountain of treasure! Thank you Professor... Ha, ha, ha

Having seen everything, Cloud leaves Gast's house and heads for the slopes.

Man in Thicket
No, don't!! It's a steep downgrade, past here.
It's dangerous, please don't go!

Cloud
- I'm still going
- Thanks for your kindness

I'm still going

Man in Thicket
Damn, I was just being nice...
What the? Who are those people over there? Looks like trouble!

He runs off.

Thanks for your kindness

Man in Thicket
No, no. I just did what came natural.
All right, I'm not too busy now. Do you want me to teach you how to ride a snowboard?

Cloud
- Maybe you should
- Not interested

Maybe you should

A controls explanation ensues.

Not interested

Man in Thicket
You're so boring!

When Cloud says he's still going, Elena enters the village, accompanied by Shinra soldiers.

Elena
There they are, hurry!!

Soldiers
Yes ma'am!!

Elena and two soldiers run up to Cloud.

Elena
Cloud... huff... wheeze.
I won't let you go any further!

Cloud
What's down there?

Elena
It's a SE-CR-ET.
It really doesn't matter! But you really got guts doin' my boss in like that!

Cloud
You mean Boss...... Tseng? That wasn't us. Sephiroth did it.

Elena
No! Don't think you can fool me, liar!

Cloud
I'm not lying... it was Sephiroth.

Elena
Don't try to act innocent. I'll never forget it!!

Cloud
Oh, man...

Elena
Looks like talking alone won't cut it. You're going to have to feel some pain!

Soldier
Just you... and me!!

Elena
No, I can handle him! There's no way he can avoid my punch.

Soldier
What? Yeah......

If Cloud dodges Elena's punch...

Elena goes rolling past him on down the hill, and the soldiers chase after her.

Soldier
Ele... Elena!?

Man in Thicket
What the...? They sure were weak for Shinras.

If Cloud doesn't dodge...

Elena punches him, knocking him out cold.

Elena
Why? Why didn't you try to avoid it...
There's no way they can climb the Great Glacier anyway.
Put them in some house in the village.

Cloud wakes in Gast's house.

Now, Shinra soldiers stand guarding the town's entrance.

Soldiers
This village is now under martial law!

Cloud
- (Do what you're told)
- (Kick his butt)

(Do what you're told)

Soldier
Don't be angry. I'm just doing my job.

(Kick his butt)

Soldier
Stop it, there're kids around!
Listen, I probably shouldn't tell you, but I hear something big's going down up North.
The President's gonna be there. So, would you please just lay low for a while?

Girl Sledding
Who is that man?

Man on Roof of Small House
When I first moved here, I saw a man with a Black Cape heading North.
It seemed strange seeing a Black Cape against the snowy white.

Inside the small house...

Woman
My boy got hurt right about the time we moved here...
I never should've bought him a snowboard.

Boy
......whimper...... weep...
I got hurt on my snowboard, and now I can't go out for a while...
Hey, I'll give you my snowboard.

Received Key Item "Snowboard"!

Boy
Tell me when you get good at it.

Man in Thicket
Sorry I just took off a while ago... It looked like there was going to be trouble.
Anyhow, you'll need a snowboard to get down that hill. Want me to teach you how to ride one?

Cloud
- Yeah, maybe you should
- No, not interested

Yeah, maybe you should

A controls explanation ensues.

No, not interested

Man in Thicket
All right, big-head... But don't blame me if you get hurt.

Cloud heads off down the slope.

Man in Thicket
Be careful!

Cloud and the others snowboard down the slopes, finally flying off an edge and falling down into the Great Glacier.

< The City of the Ancients | Icicle Inn | Northern Crater >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Northern Crater - Shinra's Promised Land
Great Glacier and Gaea's Cliffs
Arrival at the Crater
Encountering Sephiroth
The Nibelheim Illusion
The Shinra Arrive at the Crater
Sephiroth's Deception
Cloud's Failure

Flying off a cliff at the end of the snowboarding slopes, Cloud and the others land in Great Glacier.

Cloud
Ugh...

He gets to his feet.

I guess we're still in one piece.
Everyone all right?

The others get up.

    Barret
    Of course.

    Tifa
    Yeah, somehow.

    Nanaki
    Got snow in my ear...

    Yuffie
    God! I can't stand it!

    Cait Sith
    A little off.

    Vincent
    Yeah, I'm all right.

    Cid
    I can't be doin' this! Damn!

Cloud
So where did we land?
Seems like it didn't end up being such a big jump... / We've jumped pretty far...

    Barret
    Hey, what's that!? They just gave you something, right? Let's use the [] button to find out.

    Tifa
    Oh yeah, we got the map, right? Let's look at the map by pressing the [] button.

    Yuffie
    At times like these, we need the map! Let's open it with the [] button.

    Cait Sith
    Then, let's look at the map. Just open it with the [] button.

    Vincent
    We should check it on the map. Press the [] button.

    Cid
    Quick! The map, the map! Look at it with the [] button!

Cloud
It sure is cold. We'll freeze if we stay here any longer.

In the Frostbite Cave...

Cloud
Looks like trouble.
- We're outta here!
- Wait a minute!

Choosing "We're outta here," Cloud does some fancy footwork and ends up outside of Great Glacier entirely.

There is a cave within the mountains where they find a woman in blue. If Cloud speaks to her without going to the hot springs...

Woman in Blue
...Please leave.
Please don't worry about me.
Now, I don't want to harm any of you.
And don't come back again.
Please stop it.
Please, that is enough.

At the hot springs...

Cloud
This is the only place not frozen.
- Touch it
- Let's go on

Cloud
Hmm, a hot spring.

Having gone to the hot springs, Cloud and the others may return to the woman in the mountain cave.

Woman in Blue
Yeeew... You got a lot of nerve trying to touch me with the same dirty hands that touched that filthy hot spring!
I'll never forgive you.

Cloud and the others fight and defeat the Snow woman.

Woman in Blue
Why this...?

The woman collapses.

Received "Alexander" Materia!

Travelling into the northern reaches of the glacier, they end up on seemingly endless snowfields.

Cloud
...Snow... as far as you can see... Better watch where I walk.
...I'll place a landmark, and start walking.

If Cloud makes it to Holzoff's house on his own...

Holzoff
Now, this is a surprise!!
How many years has it been since I last saw anyone here...?
Oh, excuse me! My name is Holzoff. I've lived here for 20 years now.
You mind listening to the stories of a lonely climber?
Why don't we go to the next room and sit down.

If Cloud collapses before reaching the house...

Cloud wakes to find himself in Holzoff's house.

Holzoff
You awake?
You collapsed at the Great Glacier. It's a miracle you're all right.

Cloud scratches his head.

Holzoff
My name is Holzoff. I've been living here 20 years now.
If you are planning to head North, you'd better listen to my story.
Why don't we go to the next room and sit down.

They go into the next room and sit down.

Holzoff
You ever hear about those who challenged the cliff?

Cloud
- Yeah
- No

Yeah

Holzoff
The first time my friend Yamski and I tried to climb the cliff was 30 years ago.

No

Holzoff
There's an old legend that says something fell from the sky here a long time ago.
That's what's supposed to have pushed the land up and formed this cliff.
30 Years ago, Yamski and I took this cliff on to see what was on the other side.

Holzoff
But, we weren't prepared for it. We did expect the temperature to be low but...
On that cliff, there's always a biting cold wind. The cold air lowers your body temperature.
Yamski, was below me. He cut his own rope...
...and I didn't even notice...
Ever since then, I've settled here... continuing to challenge the cliff, and provide warning and shelter to my fellow climbers.
If you're going to climb the cliff, there's 2 precautions you'll need to take.
First, check your route... It's hard to find because of all the snow.
Second, once you get to a ledge, make sure you warm yourselves up.
Understand?

Cloud
- One more time
- Yes

Holzoff
You must've used a lot of energy getting up here... Better get some rest before you head out.

Cloud and the others spend the night and then gather outside.

Barret
You know, I've been thinkin'...?

Cloud
- What is it?
- Save it for later

Barret
...Seein' a place like this, makes you realize how awesome nature is.
But, if anyone ever told me to live here, I'd tell them to... you know...
I'll tell you one thing though, If I did have to live here I'd change things around 'n' make it better.
I guess the total opposite of this would be...... Midgar.
When you think of it that way, Shinra don't seem so bad...
Uuuuuuurrrrrgh!!
What the hell am I sayin'!? The Shinra, not bad!?

Cloud
We'll secure the route. You come up later.

Barret
Y'know... standing here like this...
Kinda makes you feel like the Planet's not on our side, don't it?
Of course we can't even compete. I mean... The Planet don't even notice us humans...

Tifa
This blizzard's nothing! I gotta say that or... brr...

Nanaki
I wonder what's at the top of that cliff? Well we shall see...

Yuffie
Brrrr, I can't take this cold!!

Cait Sith
This is secret info, but... Rufus's going to arrive here, too.

Vincent
I wonder what's on the other side of the cliff...

Cid
Damn! If I could just get back in the air, this cliff would be nothing!

Cloud and the others scale Gaea's Cliffs. In a tunnel near the top of the cliffs, they come across one of the clones.

Clone
Ugh...... Errgaahh!!

It collapses and disappears. Cloud runs through the tunnel and runs into a two-headed dragon. After defeating it, Cloud and the others continue through the tunnel and reach the top of Gaea's Cliffs. They look over the edge at the crater and then start down the slope.

Cloud
An old crater...
Something fell out of the sky and crashed down here......
Leaving a scar on the planet.

    Barret
    So all this energy's gathered here for the planet to heal itself?

    Tifa
    So the planet has gathered all this energy here to heal itself?

    Nanaki
    The energy of the planet is concentrated here.
    It is slowly healing its old wound.

    Yuffie
    Even I know what's going on. The energy's bein' gathered here to heal the gash.

    Cait Sith
    It's trying to heal its wound by gathering all that energy here.

    Vincent
    It's amassed a vast amount of energy to heal itself.

    Cid
    Damn, this's somethin'. It's gathered all that energy to try an' heal itself.

Cloud
Sephiroth took that energy and is trying to use Meteor.
Next time the wound won't be so small.

They continue down the slope.

Clone
...b, back... to... Sep...... i... roth...

Further down, they come to the edge of Whirlwind Maze.

If Tifa is in the party...

Tifa
The time has come to settle things with Sephiroth, huh?

Cloud nods.

Tifa
I, too, have lost many things because of Sephiroth.
Let's go!

If Tifa is not in the party...

Tifa
Cloud, wait for me!!
Please take me with you. You're going to have it out with Sephiroth, aren't you?
Because of Sephiroth, I, too, have lost many things, so please take me along.
Don't say no. Okay?......

Cloud
It can't be helped......

One of the others stays behind:

    Barret
    The rest is up to you!

    Nanaki
    I'm going to call everyone.

    Yuffie
    Are you saying you don't like me?

    Cait Sith
    I'll gather everybody, so you go on ahead.

    Vincent
    Don't be caught off guard...... Sephiroth may be near.

    Cid
    Man, I sure am thankful. Wanna rest a while?

They move on through the maze. Reaching the first wind wall, Cloud looks up.

Cloud
That's......!!!

Above them flies the Highwind, with a full compliment of Shinra executives.

Rufus
So, I finally found you.

Scarlet
Kyaa haa hah.
Kyaa haa hah.
haa hah
haa......... hah
This is incredible......

Heidegger
This is the Promised Land the President has been searching for!!

Rufus
But, I'll be the one who gets it.
Sorry, old man.

Hojo
Heh heh heh......
That land is no one's.
It's where the Reunion will take place...... They will all gather here......
I wonder if we'll see...... Sephiroth?

Back to Cloud and the first wind wall.

Tifa
We need to cross when the wind is calm, or we'll get swept off!

Clones
uph... Se... phi... roth...
wh-... who---a

Beyond the first wind wall, a long trail of Sephiroth clones works its way towards the second wind wall. Beyond the second wall, Cloud comes upon Sephiroth attacking the clones.

Sephiroth
This is the end... for all of you.

Cloud
Sephiroth!!!
This is the end!

Sephiroth
You're right. This is the end of this body's usefulness.

He disappears and the screen tints red.

Cloud
He disappeared!?

Tifa
He might still be nearby......

Our purpose is to deliver the Black materia to our master.

Cloud
Our...?

    Barret
    He got away?

    Nanaki
    I feel something... danger?

    Yuffie
    I was just getting into it!

    Cait Sith
    Vanished?...That can't be!

    Vincent
    Stay on alert. You never know when Sephiroth might appear.

    Cid
    Hey, hey,! What's goin' on?

Those who carry Jenova's cells...

Cloud
Master...!?

Of course... Sephiroth.
Heh, heh, heh...

Sephiroth leaps down and knocks them all to the ground. Cloud slowly gets to his feet, and they enter a battle with Jenovaâˆ™DEATH. Afterwards, the Black Materia is left lying on the ground.

Cloud
Jenova's cells...
...hmm. So that's what this is all about.
The Jenova Reunion...

Tifa
Not Sephiroth!? You mean all this time it wasn't Sephiroth we've been after?

Cloud
I'll explain later. Right now, the only thing I'm thinking about is beating Sephiroth.

Tifa
But Sephiroth is......

Cloud
He's here. The real Sephiroth is just beyond here.
It's both incredibly wicked and cruel...
But it's releasing a powerfully strong will from deep within this planet's wound.

He walks forward to pick up the Black Materia.

...The Black Materia is back in our hands.
Now all we have to do is defeat Sephiroth and that'll be the end of it.

Tifa
We'd better not take the Black Materia any further. Why don't you give it to someone else to hold on to?

    Nanaki
    What's happening, Cloud? That wasn't Sephiroth!

    Yuffie
    What!? You mean that wasn't Sephiroth? All that time I was following this... thing?

    Cait Sith
    You serious!? That's not Sephiroth!

    Vincent
    You mean... we weren't in pursuit of Sephiroth...?

    Cid
    Hoo-boy...

Yuffie
I don't want anything to do with that Black Materia!

Cait Sith
No, not the Black materia, please.

Vincent
How about if you hold on to the Black Materia?

Cloud
I don't think I can...

Cid
Me and Black Materia just don't mix.

Cloud gives the Black Materia to Barret.

Barret
Damn, man! ...Pressure's on now.

Cloud gives the Black Materia to Nanaki.

Nanaki
You want me to take the Black Materia? ......all right, I understand.

Cloud
Don't give it to ANYONE. I'm counting on you.

Barret
Sephiroth...... What a damn crazy #*&^%.

Nanaki
Cloud, be careful!

Yuffie
Shouldn't we hurry? The real Sephiroth is still close, right?

Cait Sith
Something feels rea---lly weird here!

Vincent
You never know when Sephiroth may show up... so don't let your guard down.

Cid
Let me catch some shut-eye.

Tifa
Let's find Sephiroth!!

Cloud
We're going in first! You guys stay and keep watch.

    Barret
    I'll take care of the Black Materia. No matter what happens, I'll be right here.

    Nanaki
    I'll protect the Black Materia no matter what!

Cloud moves on past the final wind wall and suddenly everything goes white.

Tifa
What is this? What happened?

Cloud
Calm down, Tifa.
Sephiroth is near. Anything could happen.

The surroundings change to Nibelheim. Cloud and the others stand at its gates.

Tifa
Nibelheim...

    Barret
    Why Nibelheim!? Are you high on Mako or something?

    Nanaki
    But, why!? A dream? An illusion?

    Yuffie
    But why Nibelheim? This is freaky, REALLY freaky!

    Cait Sith
    But Tifa! Isn't this an illusion?

    Vincent
    ...Why...... is it an illusion?

    Cid
    What the hell? Why Nibelheim!?

Cloud
This is an illusion Sephiroth made up.
He's trying to confuse us.
It'll be all right. As long as we know it's an illusion, there's nothing to be afraid of.
Come on, let's keep going.

Tifa
Yeah, you're right...
Look!!

They turn around and run aside as Sephiroth walks up to the gates. He turns to someone behind him.

Sephiroth
All right, let's go.

Two soldiers and a man with spiky black hair follow Sephiroth into Nibelheim.

    Barret
    That ain't Cloud... The hell is he?

    Nanaki
    Cloud's not here... I wonder who...... this is...?

    Yuffie
    Huh---! Cloud's not here.

    Cait Sith
    Cloud, something's strange here. Who is this guy?

    Vincent
    ...It's not Cloud. Who is this man?

    Cid
    Cloud's not here......

Tifa shakes her head, and the others turn to look at her.

Tifa
Stop... Sephiroth.

Cloud
This is so stupid...

A flash, and Sephiroth and the others vanish.

    Barret
    How the hell're we gonna get outta here?

    Nanaki
    Is this illusion going to continue forever? How do we get out of it?

    Yuffie
    I don't want to be in an illusion. Let's get back to the real world!

    Cait Sith
    Come on, we have to hurry back to the real world!

    Vincent
    Now, how can we get out of here...?

    Cid
    Hey, Cloud. Let's get back to the real world, huh.

Tifa
Cloud... It's just an illusion.
Don't worry about it...

Another flash of white.

Cloud
What's... next?

Tifa
Stop it already!!

A burning Nibelheim fades into view.

    Barret
    This is bad... Just like Corel.

    Nanaki
    This is terrible... Did Sephiroth do this?

    Yuffie
    Wow...... I didn't know it was THIS bad...

    Cait Sith
    This is insane...

    Vincent
    ...All this... while I was sleeping...

    Cid
    This is terrible...

Cloud
...This is what actually happened five years ago.
But...
It's probably not me that's going to come out of the Shinra mansion.
He's going to try and show us another stupid illusion.

The black-haired SOLDIER runs out of the mansion.

Cloud
See... didn't I tell you?

The SOLDIER shakes his head and walks closer to the burning buildings.

Zangan
Hey it's you! You're still sane, right?

The SOLDIER nods.

Zangan
Then come over here and help me!

The SOLDIER runs over to help Zangan.

Tifa
I don't want to... watch this. Cloud... don't watch.

Zangan
I'll check this house. You check that one over there!

He runs into one of the houses.

Cloud
...What's wrong, Tifa? I told you before, right?
As long as we know that it's just an illusion, there's no need to be scared.

The screen goes white and Cloud and the others find themselves in the midst of the burning town square. Nearby, the man with the camera lies motionless.

    Barret
    Hey, you awright!?
    Damn! This was an illusion.

    Nanaki
    You all right!!
    We were in an illusion...

    Yuffie
    He... hey, you! You alright!?
    Oh, a dream! But it felt so real...

    Cait Sith
    Everyone Ok?
    Umm...this was a hallucination.

    Vincent
    ...You all right?
    Hmm... it was an illusion.

    Cid
    He...hey you!
    You alright!?

Cloud
Sephiroth! I know you're listening! I know what you want to say!
That I wasn't in Nibelheim five years ago.
That's it, isn't it?

A flash, and Sephiroth appears before them.

Sephiroth
I see you finally understand.

Cloud
What you are trying to say is that you want to confuse me, right?
But... even making me see those things won't affect me.
I remember it all. The heat of the fire... the pain in my body... and in my heart!

Sephiroth
Oh, is that so?
You are just a puppet... You have no heart... and cannot feel any pain...
How can there be any meaning in the memory of such a being?
What I have shown you is reality. What you remember, that is the illusion.

Everyone
Cloud...

Sephiroth
...Do you understand?

Cloud
I don't want to understand.
But, I want to ask you one thing. Why... why are you doing this?

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha......
I want to take you back to your real self.
The one who gave me the Black Materia that day...
Who would have ever thought a failed experiment would prove so useful?
Hojo would die if he knew.

Cloud
Hojo!? What does he have to do with me!?

Sephiroth
Five years ago you were...
...constructed by Hojo, piece by piece, right after Nibelheim was burnt.
A puppet made up of vibrant Jenova cells, her knowledge, and the power of Mako.
An incomplete Sephiroth-clone. Not even given a number. ...That is your reality.
Ha, ha, ha......

Tifa
Cloud... Don't listen to him...
Close your ears! Close your eyes!

Cloud
What's wrong, Tifa? I'm not affected by it.
...I wasn't paying attention to him.

Tifa
All that talk of Hojo constructing you is a lie.
Don't we have our memories together?
Being kids together, starlit nights...

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha... Tifa...
Why are you so worried and scared by those words?
Hmm... Shall I show everyone here what's in your heart?

Tifa turns away from both him and Cloud.

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha... You look like you're not feeling well.

Cloud
...Tifa? Is Sephiroth right?

Tifa
Cloud...

Cloud
Why are you so scared? Don't worry about me. I'm all right.
No matter how confused I am, I'll never believe a word that Sephiroth says.
It's true that sometimes I can't figure out who I am.
There's a lot of things muddled up in my memories.
But, Tifa......
But you said, 'Long time no see, Cloud' right?
Those words will always support me.
I am the one you grew up with. I'm Cloud of Nibelheim.
No matter how much I lose faith in myself, that is the truth.
That's why you shouldn't be so scared.
No matter what anyone else says to me, it's your attitude that counts...

Tifa
No, that's not true, Cloud......

Cloud
What's not? Aren't I the same Cloud you grew up with?

Tifa
That's not what I mean... I don't know how to say it...
Cloud, I need some time... Just give me a little time...

A flash and Sephiroth appears beyond the fire.

Sephiroth
Cloud... Don't blame Tifa.
The ability to change one's looks, voice, and words, is the power of Jenova.
Inside of you, Jenova has merged with Tifa's memories, creating you.
Out of Tifa's memory......
A boy named Cloud might've just been a part of them.

He disappears in another flash.

Tifa
Cloud...
Please... don't think right now.

Sephiroth reappears closer to them.

Sephiroth
Ha, ha, ha...... Think, Cloud!
...Cloud? Ha, ha, ha...... Oh, excuse me. You never had a name...

Cloud
Shut up... Sephiroth.

Sephiroth
You still don't understand? Then...

He turns away and laughs.

Do you remember the picture that we took before we headed for Mt. Nibel?
...Tifa, you remember, right?
But there is no way he would know.
Now... what happened to that picture?

He walks over to the motionless camera man.

......is this it?
...Do you want to see it? It turned out pretty good.

Tifa
Cloud... don't...

Cloud
I... should be in the picture.
Even if I'm not in there, no worry. This is just an illusory world Sephiroth made up.

Cloud walks over to look at the photo. The black-haired SOLDIER is standing where Cloud should have been.

Cloud
...Just as I thought.
This picture's a fake. The truth is in my memory.
...Five years ago, I came back to Nibelheim, to inspect the reactor. I was sixteen.
The town hadn't changed at all. What did I do...? Oh yeah...
I saw my mom. I saw the people in town.
Yeah, I went to Tifa's room. There, I...
I played the piano!
I looked in the drawers!
I read the letter addressed to Tifa!
I spent the night and went to the reactor in Mt. Nibel. I was excited about it.
Because that was my first mission after becoming First Class in SOLDIER.

Flash.

Cloud
...SOLDIER, First Class?

He shakes his head.

...SOLDIER? When did I enter SOLDIER?

He clutches his head.

How did I join SOLDIER?

He falls to his knees.

Why... why can't I remember?
I'm... I'm...

He gets back to his feet.

That's right...
...I didn't have to worry about it, because I was...

The screen fades to black.

Tifa
......Cloud?

Cloud
Let's go, Tifa. I'm... I'm all right.

Meanwhile, the Shinra have arrived at the center of the crater.

Scarlet
Wow!! That's amazing!
It's all Materia!!

Rufus
The outside is rich with mako energy. The inside is a treasure trove of Materia. This truly is the Promised Land.

Hojo
There is no such thing as the Promised Land. it's a legend... an old wives tale...... it's utterly ridiculous.

Rufus
Everything's as I imagined it to be. Isn't it splendid?
It is that kind of dullness that makes you a second-rate scientist.

The ground starts quaking.

Rufus
What's happening?

Scarlet
It's coming from within the wall! Something's in there! It's moving!

A huge eye in the wall opens and closes.

Hojo
Weapon...
Then it really does exist... I didn't believe in it.

Rufus
What does this mean?

Hojo
...Weapon. Monsters created by the Planet.
It appears when the Planet is in danger, reducing everything to nothingness.
That's what was stated in Professor Gast's report.

Rufus
I never saw that report... Where is it?

Hojo taps his head.

Hojo
Here, right here.

Rufus
You keep a lot of things to yourself.

Back with who Cloud left guarding the Black Materia...

    Barret
    Are Cloud and the others awright?
    But what's up with that? One little piece of materia, destroying the planet...

    Nanaki
    I wonder how Cloud and the others are...
    It's hard to believe... such a small piece of materia is able to destroy the Planet...

Suddenly the others disappear and the background becomes a roiling green.

    Barret
    What the......?
    The hell was that?
    H, huh!?
    Hey... Guys!
    Where are we? Where did we end up?

    Nanaki
    What the!?
    Is everyone all right?
    What's going on?
    Where am I!? Don't leave me alone!

Tifa comes running up.

Tifa
Barret, you're here! I'm so glad!!

Or:

Nanaki, you're here! I'm so glad!!

The background returns, but still no one else is there.

    Barret
    Tifa!!
    Something's weird here! It got pitch black all of a sudden, and everyone disappeared!

    Nanaki
    Tifa!!
    Something is strange... Why was it dark all of a sudden and where is everybody?

Tifa
Everyone's waiting! Cloud's in trouble!
Please come. Help us!
Over there!

    Barret
    Yea... yeah!
    I don't know what's goin' on, but let's just get on with it.

    Nanaki
    R, right!
    I'm not sure I understand... but I'll go if you want me to.

Barret or Nanaki nods to Tifa and runs off in the indicated direction.

Tifa
......hee hee hee... And remember...

Tifa's image morphs into Sephiroth.

Sephiroth
...the Black Materia!

He disappears, and the others are visible again, lying unconscious.

Back to the Shinra...

Scarlet
Mr. President... I've got a bad feeling about this place...

Rufus
Hmm... maybe we should go back to our ship now.
We need to prepare for the inspection anyway.

A flash, and Cloud his party appear among them.

Scarlet
Hey!!! Where did you come from?

Cloud
...don't know...
This place is going to get rough.
Better leave things to me and get out of here while you still can!!

Rufus
Leave things to you? Hmph... I don't know what you mean.

Cloud
This is where the Reunion is happening. Where everything begins and ends.

Tifa
Cloud!!

    Barret
    Hey! We're here to help you!

    Nanaki
    I'm here! I'm here to help you, Cloud!

Cloud clutches his head and slowly walks towards Barret or Nanaki.

Cloud
Thanks... Barret. Where's the Black Materia?

Or:

Thanks... Nanaki. Where's the Black Materia?

Tifa
Cloud!!

    Barret
    It's safe. I have it.

    Nanaki
    It's safe. I'm holding on to it.

Cloud
I'll take it from here. Give me the... Black Materia.

Tifa
You can't hear my voice?

    Barret
    You alright?

    Nanaki
    Are you all right, Cloud?

Cloud nods.

    Barret
    Okay then, here. Had a lot of pressure holding this thing.

    Nanaki
    Then... here you go. I was a little apprehensive holding this thing.

Tifa
No, don't!! Please stop, Cloud!

Cloud
Thanks. ......leave the rest to me

The screen goes white momentarily.

Come on. The Black materia...

Wait! Just a little longer!

Cloud
Everyone, thanks for everything. And... I'm sorry.
...Sorry.
...Sorry.
Especially you, Tifa. I'm really sorry.
You've been so good to me...... I don't know what to say...
I never lived up to being 'Cloud'.
Tifa...... Maybe one day you'll meet the real 'Cloud'.

Tifa shakes her head and falls to her knees.

Hojo
Ha, ha, ha... this is perfect!!!
It means that my experiment was a complete success.
What number were you? Huh? Where is your tattoo?

Cloud
Professor Hojo... I don't have a number.
You didn't give me one because you said I was a failed experiment.

Hojo
What the--? You mean only a failure made it here?

Cloud
Professor... please give me a number. Please, Professor...

Hojo
Shut up, miserable failure...

Cloud flies up into a tangle of branches above them.

Rufus
Who... was that?

Hojo
...He's a Sephiroth-clone I created after the real Sephiroth died five years ago.
Jenova cells and Mako, with my knowledge and skills, have been combined with science and nature to bring him to life.
...I'm not wild about the failure part, but the Jenova Reunion Theory has now been proven.
You see, even if Jenova's body is dismembered, it will eventually become one again. That's what is meant by Jenova's Reunion.
I have been waiting for the Reunion to start. Five years have passed, and now the Clones have begun to return.
I thought the clones would begin to gather at Midgar where Jenova is stored.
But my predictions were not entirely correct. Jenova itself began to move away from the Shinra Building.
But being a genius that I am, I soon figured it out. You see it was all Sephiroth's doing.
Sephiroth is not just content to diffuse his will into the Lifestream; he wants to manipulate the Clones himself.

Yes, that was how it got started.

Hojo
I wondered where the clones were going, but I was never able to figure it out.

I couldn't figure it out, either.

Below, the third party member runs over to Tifa and helps her up.

Hojo
The one thing that I did know was that Sephiroth was at their final destination.

I wasn't pursuing Sephiroth.
I was being summoned by Sephiroth.
All the anger and hatred I bore him, made it impossible for me to ever forget him. That and what he gave me.

Cloud stands.

Sephiroth? Sephiroth? I'm here. And I brought you the Black materia.
Show yourself to me. Where are you?
Sephiroth... So we finally meet again.

At the center of the tangle of branches, Sephiroth's body is encased in a huge crystal, his eyes closed.

Hojo
Did you see it!! It's Sephiroth! So he IS here!
This is perfect! Both Jenova's Reunion and Sephiroth's will!
They won't be diffused into the Lifestream,
but gathered here! Mwa, haa, ha,......

Tifa
What are you so happy about, Professor? You know what this means, don't you?
Cloud has the Black Materia!
Sephiroth is going to summon Meteor! Every single person is going to die!

Rufus
Whatever I say now is too little... too late...... We must evacuate.
I want you all to come with me. There is still much more I want to hear.

    Barret
    Yo! Cloud! Stop! Knock it off!

    Nanaki
    Cloud, NO! Stop! Please!

Tifa
Cloud------!!

Cloud gives the Black Materia to Sephiroth. Below, the others run for the Highwind, leaving him behind, and the airship pulls away from the Northern Crater as the Planet's Weapons explode from hiding.

< Icicle Inn | Northern Crater | Junon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Junon - A Public Execution
Tifa Dreaming
Captive in Junon
A Public Execution
Shinra Fights Weapon
Tifa's Escape
Not Enough Crew

The screen is pitch black. Cloud sits in the distance.

Tifa
Cloud...
Cloud...

Cloud gets up and starts walking away. Tifa runs after him.

Tifa
......I didn't know what to do. I was always like that...

Flashback to the Sector 7 train station, before the events of the game. Cloud is lying near the steps and the train man and a dog are nearby.

Station Man
What's the matter?

Cloud
ohhh...

Station Man
......poor kid.

Cloud
Ooouugh......

Tifa runs over.

Tifa
Are you all right?

Cloud
oo... uh... agh

Flash.

Uh... uh... Tifa...?
Tifa...?

He gets to his feet.

Tifa!

Tifa
...............?
Oh, Cloud!

Cloud
That's right. I'm Cloud.

Tifa
Is it really you, Cloud? I never thought I'd find you here!

Cloud
Yeah, it's been a while.

Tifa
What happened to you? You don't look well.

Cloud
......Yeah? It's nothing. I'm okay.

She turns away and he clutches his head for a moment. She turns back.

Tifa
How long has it been?

Flash.

Cloud
Five years.

Tifa
............

Cloud
What is it?

Tifa
...it's really been a long time.

Tifa
Actually, it's been seven years.
You got your wish and joined SOLDIER, quit after the Sephiroth incident, and now you're a mercenary...
You told me a lot about what happened after you left Nibelheim...
But...
...Something's wrong. I felt there was something strange about the things you talked about.
All the things you didn't know that you should, And other things you shouldn't know that you did...
I wanted to make sure...
But then I heard... you were going far away...
And I didn't want that...
...I didn't know what to do. So, I thought I needed more time.
And that's why I told you about the AVALANCHE job. I wanted to be with you, watch you.

Tifa wakes in Junon base to bright lights overhead.

Tifa
...ding......

Barret
Huh?

Tifa
The glare...

Barret
You'll be better soon. You've been asleep for a long time.

Tifa
I'm...... hungry....

Barret
Hey, why don't you ask?

About him.

The glare fades and Tifa sits up.

Tifa
...Because I'm scared.

Barret
Don't worry. I don't know what happened to Cloud either.
Guess I shouldn't tell you not to worry...
None of them know if he's all right either.

Tifa
He's still... alive, right?

Barret nods.

Tifa
How long... was I asleep?

Barret
Lessee now...... Must've been about 7 days.

Tifa
What about Sephiroth?

Barret
You ain't over it yet. Remember that huge light, in the Northern Cave?
Since then, the crater's been surrounded by a huge barrier of light.
Everyone knows Sephiroth sleeps in that big hole, protected by the barrier.
We can't do a damn thing about it. We just gotta wait till he wakes up.
An' on topa that, some huge monster called Weapon's been on a rampage.

Tifa
...Weapon?

Barret
Remember that huge monster that was with Sephiroth, at the bottom of the crater?
Well it's up here now. They say it's some legendary monster from the past.

Tifa
Weapon... is protecting Sephiroth?

Barret
Dunno. But he's up here goin' around tearin' shit up.
Right now Rufus' fightin' it. I hate to say it, but he's got guts.
We shoulda been the ones to destroy it, but we ain't got no time...

Tifa
Time...
...Hey! How about Meteor?

Barret opens the blinds to a large window as Tifa walks to look outside. Meteor hangs there in the sky.

Tifa
Do we have to give up?

Barret
...Dunno.

The door opens and Rufus enters.

Rufus
I thought Cloud would show up to save you all...
Professor Hojo wanted to check up on Cloud, too.

Tifa
What are you going to do to Cloud?

Rufus
Sephiroth's alter ego...
Meteor has been summoned... Essentially, it's all but over now.
So, there's no need for you now.
No, maybe there is an important task for you...

Heidegger enters.

Heidegger
President! Preparations for the public execution are complete.

Barret
Execution!?
What're ya gonna get by executin' us?

Rufus
You are to be executed for causing this situation.
People are ignorant. They'll feel better as long as someone is punished.

Barret
I take back what little praise I had for this damn jackass!

Rufus
Well, enjoy your last moments together.

He walks out.

Heidegger
I'll tie your arms now.

Barret and Tifa are escorted down to the press room, where Scarlet waits with the media.

Scarlet
Is everyone here? These are the ones who brought this madness into the world!

Barret
The hell are these people?

Scarlet
We will be broadcasting your miserable deaths live on national television.

Large Man
Scarlet, why a public execution in this day and age?

Scarlet
With the chaos resulting from the Meteor reports, we desperately need to rally public support... it's better that we punish somebody, anybody.

Tifa
You make me sick...

Scarlet
ha, ha, ha, ha!
They'll never admit it, but everyone loves this stuff!
We'll start with this girl.

Barret
If you've gotta do it... do me first!

Scarlet
Camera, this way! Make sure you get this, the audience just eats up tearful goodbyes!

A soldier brings Tifa into the gas chamber, and Scarlet pushes her towards the chair.

Tifa
What are you doing!?

Scarlet
This is my special gas chamber. Take your time, and enjoy a slow painful death.

She shoves Tifa into the chair.

Stuck up ^%$#&!!

She slaps Tifa.

Scarlet and the soldier walk out, the soldier dropping a key on the way.

Scarlet
Well now, the show's about to begin. Ha, ha, ha!

Emergency! Emergency!
Weapon's approaching! Attention all military personnel: take your positions!

Press Representatives
Oh no! It's Weapon!
Run!

They all flee the press room except for the large man.

Scarlet
Hey, hey, all of you!
Damn! Why now?

Large Man
How does it feel now, Scarlet?

Scarlet
Hmm, so you didn't run? I'm impressed. How do I feel? Right now......
Nngaaaaaahhhh!

She collapses.

Barret
Huh!? Sleeping gas?

The large man reveals himself to be Cait Sith in disguise.

Soldiers
Weirdo!!

Cait Sith and Barret dispatch the soldiers.

Cait Sith (untying Barret's arms)
I'm here to help!

Barret
Why you......? Ain't you part of Shinra?

Cait Sith
Let's just say I'm against capital punishment. Besides... I hate this broad. Come on, we gotta help Tifa.
I'll keep watch at the entrance.

Scarlet
......Fools...... I've already pushed... the switch...

Barret tugs at the door to the gas chamber.

Barret
It won't open!

Meanwhile, in the command room, Rufus and Heidegger stand before a broad window overlooking the ocean.

Heidegger
It's Weapon.

Rufus
There's been so many attacks lately. Can we handle it?

Heidegger
I believe so. Your orders?

Rufus
No need to ask.

Heidegger
We'll give it a shot from our big cannon.
Open cannon doors!! Activate cannon. Target: Weapon!!

Sailor
Preparations complete!

Heidegger
The cannon...
Fire----!!!

The cannon fires a shot across the water. A moment of silence descends.

Rufus
Did we get 'em?

Heidegger
Seems so...

Weapon approaching!
Speed, 50 Knots!
It's heading right toward us!

Heidegger
It can't be! We hit it dead on!

Rufus
How about the cannon?

Heidegger
It'll take time to reload.

Rufus
Then use regular fire power in the mean time!

Heidegger
Yes sir! Open all artillery doors! Target: Weapon! Don't let it land!

Speed, 70 Knots!
Weapon, closing in!!
Not good! It's attacking!

Back at the gas chamber, the gas turns on and Tifa starts squirming.

Tifa
Gas!!
Barret, help!!

Barret
Hold your breath! Hold on as long as you can!

Tifa
Come on! I can't hold on forever!

Barret
Shi-!
The Gas Room's probably locked from a different room!

Cait Sith
Hmm, we gotta go with a different plan. Let's get out of this room first.

Barret
Tifa! I'll help you, I promise!

They leave the press room, and the door locks behind them.

Barret
No! They locked this too!

Scarlet (from inside)
Fools. Now, you can't save the girl.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!!

Barret
Goddammit......!!

Cait Sith
OK, OK time for Plan B. Let's run to the airport!

Barret
Why the airport? An' leave Tifa there?

Cait Sith
Trust me, trust me. We gotta take a chance.

If Barret goes the wrong way...

Cait Sith
Where you goin'? The airport's the other way.

They run outside and run across Yuffie dressed as a reporter.

Yuffie
I know you're in a hurry! But, please if I could have a word......

Barret
Shu'up!! I'm in a hurry!

Kiiiiin...

Yuffie
Don't make so much noise...... It's me, ME! Yuffie!

Barret
The hell you doin' here!?

Yuffie
I'll explain later! Now we gotta get to the airport!

They arrive at the airport.

Barret
Yo! You sure this is the right way? It's a dead end!

Cait Sith
Uh oh? Did I make a wrong turn?

Barret
You damn cat......! What the hell're we gonna do now? They all be comin' soon!
Yo, better watch my back till the end... partner!

Back in the gas chamber, Tifa manages to grab the dropped key with her feet and free herself from the chair.

Tifa
Which button stops the gas...?

She turns off the gas and then tries to tug open the door.

Open it---......

There is an explosion as Weapon blasts a hole in the ceiling above her.

Scarlet
What d'you do? Hey! Open it!

Tifa
First you lock me in this weird place, and now you're telling me to come out? Make up your mind!

She climbs out the opening, down the outside of the base, and runs out across the cannon. Scarlet follows and they face off near the end of the cannon.

Scarlet
Our little game of hide and seek ends here.
The execution may have been unsuccessful, but your death by falling from here and crashing into the water below still might be pretty exciting.

Slap.

Stuck up to the end!

Tifa
Quit slapping me! You old wench!!!

A slapping fight ensues, and Scarlet falls to her knees.

Scarlet
God! I can't stand it!
Take her away.
Now it's time to pay up. I'll really drop you if you don't settle down!
Ha, ha, ha, ha!

Run...
Run to the end of the Cannon!!

Tifa runs to the end of the cannon as the airship, the Highwind, comes up from below and hovers nearby. Barret is out on deck, and he throws Tifa a rope. She jumps from the cannon and catches the rope as the Highwind flies away from Junon.

Barret
You okay?

Tifa
My cheeks hurt a bid.
Forget about that, what's all this about?

Cait Sith
Well, I'll catch the details later.
In any case, the Airship, Highwind, is now yours.

Yuffie (lying on deck)
Ha! Ha! ......urk!
Well...... I'm glad you're safe.
I'm going to stay up here a little longer.
......Urk! ......I can't ride ships either in the air or water.

Tifa goes inside.

Crew Member
My hands are full, so I'll excuse myself here!

Tifa
- Fly Airship
- Chew the fat

Fly Airship

Crew Member
So things have come to this... When you want to take off, just tell the pilot on the bridge.

Chew the fat

Crew Member
......Well......... Um, what should I talk about?
Wanna hear why we rebelled?
Working on the Highwind, we spent every day slaving under Heidegger.
Whenever he got yelled at by the President, he'd immediately take it out on the crew.
We put up with this all the time. Even when he beat us.
I mean, I finally made it on the crew of the famous Highwind, and there's no way I was going to quit over him.
Let's see, it must've been a week ago... it was my shift and we were heading towards the North Cave.
Everyone, including the President and Scarlet, got on.
And with them, I saw Cid, a legendary pilot!
And he was looking around the inside of the ship looking really, y'know, nostalgic......
He even talked to us.
I couldn't believe it! I was so impressed! He was every bit as warmhearted as we'd always heard.
Cid said that if he had the Highwind, things would be a lot easier.
And now here we are off to save the planet. It's true. He really overwhelmed me.
And that's why we decided to help.
After the North Cave, we went to Junon, and I started screaming 'Fire! Fire!'
In the middle of all the commotion, we stole this ship from the Shinra.
That's how it happened. .......Just a minor mutiny against our leaders.
But Barret and you were captured by Heidegger......
We waited seven days for a chance to rescue you guys, before we finally could.
So thanks to our successful mission, we were able to see you again.
I hope I didn't bore you too much with that long story.

Barret
Dammit! Why didn't ya tell me you could fly an airship!?
I thought...... Tifa was gone for good.

Cait Sith
Sorry, but I had to do something to trick the enemy.
Come on! Everyone is waiting!

Tifa
Everyone? Everyone's here?

Tifa runs to the bridge.

Cid
Welcome to my airship--the Highwind!

Tifa looks around.

Cid
What's wrong!? You should be more excited than that!

Nanaki
Cid......

Cid
Yeah......

Tifa
Not enough crew.

Barret
What's that sad face for?

Cid
Well, it takes all kinds.

Nanaki
Do you think we aren't strong enough without Cloud?
Do you think we can't save the Planet alone?

Tifa
Meteor is coming, and Weapon is on the rampage......
At a time like this, I don't know what I'm supposed to do......
No idea at all......

Barret
Get a hold of yourself Tifa! C'mon, let's think about this!
No way we can get offa this train we're on!

Tifa
......If only Cloud was here, everything would be fine.
Cloud would......
Stand that cocky little way he did, and tell us what to do.
He'd say, 'Everything's under control, Tifa.'

Barret
Tifa! When'd you become such a wimp!

Tifa
I'm sorry Barret.
I'm kind of shocked myself. I'm so depressed.

Nanaki
And Tifa...... the reason why we all thought it was Cloud was because......

Tifa
......I know.
That's why I want to make sure. That's why I have to see him again.

Nanaki
Cheer up, Tifa......

Vincent
......So glad you're all right Tifa.

Barret
What? Does Cloud always gotta be around?.......
We did fine without him in the beginning......
Right? An' what happened to tough girl I used to know? Where'd she go to?

Cait Sith
Tifa, I'll give you information Shinra.
Ask me if there's anything you don't understand.

Crew Member 2
Whenever anyone talks to me, I get all nervous and mess things up!

Cid
Hey you! What the hell are you doin'!?

Crew Member 3
All we have to do is just pilot. They don't have to talk to us.

Cid
I want you to know that I didn't dislike him.
Gotta admit he was a strange dude.
Just when you thought he was cool, he'd go and do some damn fool thing.
And when you thought he was smart, he'd show how stupid he was.
Everything about him from his movements to his speech were kinda odd.
Knowin' what I do now, I can see why he was that way.
Well, as long as you stay alive, you just might see him again someday, so cheer up, sis.

Tifa
......I'll be able to see him someday.

Cid
If we can find out where he is, the Highwind'll get us there in no time.

Nanaki
......Maybe
Cloud is still stuck deep in the North Crater, where the ground cracked and swallowed him up......
Buried in the depths of the underground......

Tifa
Deep within the earth...... are you talking about the Lifestream?

Nanaki
The Lifestream sometimes gushes out the the surface from cracks in the ocean floor.
I've heard that such a place exists.
Maybe, just maybe Cloud's......

Pilot in Training (LV3)
Waaaaah! Captain Cid!

Cid
Tifa, sorry, but I've gotta show this moron how to land the ship.
Don't worry, it'll be done in a minute.
Oh, and Tifa......
No matter what your goal is, you've got to be prepared.
Go to your room and get ready for our operation.
I put a lot of things for the operation in your room, so put them in order.

Tifa goes to the Operations Room.

Crew Member 4
Tifa, thank you for a job well done!

Back on the bridge...

Barret
Whenever I think of Cloud, everything gets all jumbled up.
No matter how powerful Shinra or Hojo is, I can't believe they can create humans.
But because of them, we know that Meteor is heading towards us......
Y'know, even if I saw him, I don't have a damn idea what I'd do......

Nanaki
There appears to be a small island near the Lifestream......
They said the Lifestream sometimes suddenly gushes out at the south island.
I remember hearing about this from Seto when I was a child, but I don't remember much else......
I'm sorry...... Tifa.

Cait Sith
Everything appears calm right now at Shinra.
So now's the time to look for Cloud.
I'm worried about him, too.
I wonder where Cloud is. Or could he already be......

Vincent
Too much hope is the opposite of despair.
An overpowering love may consume you in the end......

Cid
OK! You just signal when you're ready to fly full speed.

Pilot in Training (LV4)
Eaggggh! Are we going?

Tifa
- We're going
- We're staying put

Pilot in Training (LV4)
Eagggggh! We're off!

< Northern Crater | Junon | The World >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The World - After Meteor is Summoned
Kalm
The Chocobo Farm
Junon
Costa del Sol
Gold Saucer
Gongaga
Cosmo Canyon
Nibelheim
Rocket Town
Wutai
Bone Village
Icicle Inn
The Chocobo Sage

At Kalm...

Redhead
Huh? You're looking for your friend? You want to know where the Lifestream is?
Let's see, I can't help you with your friend, but I've heard about the Lifestream.
When I traveled to the southern islands, a doctor was very kind to me. I seem to recall him telling me something about the Lifestream......

Old Man
Ah, youth... You really believe that big meteor filling up the sky's going to fall here?
If that's the case then all we can do is put our hope in Shinra, Inc.

Inside the first house...

Woman
They say the meteor is going to fall, but it's okay! I'm sure Shinra will come through for us in the end and do something!

Girl Upstairs
I can't believe Meteor's really falling this way...... What's going to happen to us?

Inside the third house...

Woman
Oh man, oh man!
A meteor's gonna fall on us, and now there's some big huge monster the likes of which I've never seen just wandering around out there!
What's going to happen to all of us!!?

Upstairs, a boy is running around while a little girl watches him.

Girl
......My older brother's so stupid. He's so embarrassing I could just puke!

Boy
I'm gonna hurry up and get strong so I can crush the meteor to bits! But I gotta train real hard to do it.
Hyah, hayah, eagghh!

Back outside...

Man in Blue
The meteor's going to fall, isn't it? Unless Shinra does something about it, then we're all history!

Man
I want you to stop that talk about a Meteor falling on us!

Woman
Even if Meteor falls, If you're in Midgar, you ought to be safe.
They say it's a "Mako Metropolis" so they should survive somehow......

Inside the fourth house...

Woman
The meteor's coming, right? Where am I going to stash my money...? Wait, maybe I'd better take it with me and get out of here!

Kalm Traveler
The world's changed a lot in the past few days......
That huge monster Meteor was covering up the sky and acting like he owned it or something...
A lot of my friends have died......
I'm goin' on a journey to pray for their souls.
A map that was sunk along with the ship. ...... "Guidebook"
A rose that blooms once every 1000 years in the desert. ...... "Desert Rose"
A harp that soothes those who hear it. ...... "Earth Harp"
I wonder if there's anyone who'll bring it to me?

Kid outside Bar
My dad still just sits at the bar drinking, even though he knows that Meteor's coming!
It's sad. Even though he's an adult, he just doesn't want to see the world as it really is. I dunno what to do.

Inside the bar...

Person in Blue
And all of Midgar's gonna be destroyed by a falling meteor? Oh, don't make me laugh!
Lately, there's been a number of scary incidents. I hate it. Just hate it!

Man
Listen, I've worked hard till now... and you say Meteor's gonna smash everything to bits?
Well, I ain't standin' around listenin' to fool talk like this. Makes a person lose the will to work, that's what it does!
What're ya, dense? Something like that'll never happen? It's ridiculous!

Bartender
I heard Shinra's taking all its biggest artillery from Junon and its various other facilities and gathering it in Midgar to fight the meteor and Weapon.
What's going to happen to the world...?

Man in Blue (checking the Mako pressure)
What're you doing checking the pressure of the Mako energy at a time like this? It's probably already too late......
It's times like this when you shouldn't go into a tail spin. You've got to continue to live orderly just like before.
At least that's what I think...

At the Chocobo Farm...

Choco Bill
Oh, what is that? What has this world come to? Stars falling and everything.
With things the way they are now, how 'bout raising a Chocobo?
No, I'm not trying to persuade you for money. It's just because of the state of things in the world.
I thought that it would be a good and healthy thing for you to raise some Chocobos...
Hmm... You just happen to be in luck!
It just so happens that we aren't taking care of any Chocobos for anyone else, so...
I could take care of 6 Chocobos right now, for 10000 gil per Chocobo. How 'bout it?

Tifa
- Could you take care of the chocobos?
- I'd like to hear about something else
- Tell me how you raise them
- That's all

Could you take care of the chocobos?

Choco Bill
To raise a Chocobo, you'll need a 'Chocobo Stable'.
And they rent for 10000 gil. Currently, I can rent out up to 6 'Chocobo Stables'.
If you rent a 'Chocobo Stable', we will keep up to 4 of the Chocobos you catch in the fenced area outside.
At a later date, you can select the Chocobo that you would like to put in your 'Chocobo Stable'.
'Chocobo Stables' cost 10000 gil...

Tifa
- Rent it

Choco Bill
Thank you.
My grandson takes care of the Chocobos. He's in the Chocobo Stable at the far right of the farm. Please tell him what you want.

I'd like to hear about something else

Choco Bill
Someone once told me there is a 'Chocobo Sage'... somewhere.
He seems to know how to raise some great Chocobos.
If he really does exist, I'd like to meet him someday.

Tell me how you raise them

Choco Bill
Chocobos aren't hard to take care of.
The day to day care will all be done here.
But, please buy the food for the Chocobo, and feed them yourselves.
Chocobo's abilities will differ with what you feed it, so feel free to choose your own food.
Also, if you're able to find a male and a female Chocobo that like each other, they'll produce an egg. But only if you feed them a 'Nut'.
New Chocobos inherit the abilities of their parents.
I've heard that sometimes new breeds of Chocobo are born with special abilities. I've never actually seen it before, though.

That's all

Nothing happens.

In the stable...

Chole
Welcome! Hey, I've got something good to tell you.
The white Chocobo likes it when you scratch behind its ears.
But if you scratch it someplace that it doesn't like, it'll get mad, so be careful.

If you return to the Chocobo Farm after visiting the Chocobo Sage...

Chole
Hey, do you know what a Chocobo Sage is?
What!? You've actually met him!?
Wow! What did he tell you?

Tifa tells her.

Chole
Wow, that's amazing! ...let me take some notes.

On any subsequent visit after seeing the Chocobo Sage...

Chole
Hey, did you ever see the Chocobo Sage again? What did he tell you?

Tifa tells her.

Chole
Wow, that's amazing! ...let me take some notes.
What...?

Tifa
- Let me jot this down
- Chole's Chocobo inspection
- Nothing

Let me jot this down

Chole
Other than regular Chocobo, there are "Mountain Chocobo" and "River-Chocobo".
In order for the "Mountain Chocobo" and "River Chocobo" to be born,
You feed the "Carob Nut" to a "Great Chocobo" or a "Good Chocobo" and have it produce an egg.
But we don't sell any "Carob Nuts".
A "Great Chocobo" and a "Good Chocobo" are found...
On an island Southeast of the Chocobo Sage's dwelling at Corel. And in the area west of Corel.
The "Carob Nut" can be found south of the Chocobo Sage's dwelling. Monsters carry them.
Let's see, is Bone Village just south of there?
One surprise If you get the "Mountain Chocobo" and the "River Chocobo" to produce an egg,
You'll get a Chocobo that can cross mountains and rivers. I bet that the right nut for that is the "Carob Nut."
Bigger surprise: There seems to be a Chocobo that can cross the ocean.
If you could cross the ocean, mountains, and rivers, there'd be no place you couldn't go.
In order to get an Ocean Chocobo you need to get a Mountain-and-river Chocobo to mate with something else.
If you mate the Mountain-and-river Chocobo with a "Wonderful Chocobo",
You'll get an Ocean Chocobo. But to do that you can't use an ordinary Nut.
The "Nut" that produces Ocean Chocobos is the "Zeio Nut".
This is the first I've heard of it. I wonder where you get them?

Chole's Chocobo inspection

Chole (if you have only one chocobo)
Hey, there's only one Chocobo.

Chole (otherwise)
For telling me that story, I'll tell you about each Chocobo's abilities.
From what I see, the fastest sprinter is...
I think it's Choco.
And, the fastest one is...
That's Choco
Also, from what I can tell, the one with the most stamina is...
I think it's Choco.
Finally, the most intelligent one is...
That's Choco

Nothing

Nothing happens.

At Lower Junon...

Woman
I almost passed out when I saw Weapon.
It seems Weapon was beaten, but a Shinra soldier told me there are 4 more.

Fisherman
Once Meteor hits, not just the fish, but the whole ocean will be destroyed...

Older Man
What? Cloud is missing?

Tifa
Maybe... he dropped some from the North Caves into the Lifestream...
Sir, do you know where the Lifestream runs through?
Cloud might have drifted from there.

Older Man
What? The Northern... what? Sorry, but I don't think I follow.
But... I think I remember hearing Priscilla saying 'Life... something' before.

Tifa goes to Priscilla's house.

Priscilla
Who are you---?
Lifestream?
Yeah, I know! It's Mr. Dolphin's playground.
There's a Three-taloned island south of the continent. I heard the Lifestream runs below that island.
But why are you asking about the Lifestream?

Tifa
Cloud fell into the Lifestream at the North Cave, and has been missing ever since.

Priscilla
Huh, Cloud!?
Hurry up and help him!! He's very important to me.

In Upper Junon...

Soldier
It's kinda lonely at the airport without the Highwind, isn't it?
I miss that bikini girl on the side of the plane.

Soldiers at the Airport
I sure was frightened when Weapon attacked. It gives me the chills knowing there's still two of them left.
Oh yeah? Well, I'm ready to fight the worst enemy mankind's ever had like a real warrior. It's not everyday you get to fight in an inter-planetary war.

Materia Shopkeeper
Come on in!
Welcome!!
I just can't believe it. I never thought a monster like Weapon really existed.

Weapon Shopkeeper
This machine hasn't been working right ever since Weapon got to it!

In the bar downstairs...

Man
Weapon and Meteor scared everyone else off, but I'm sittin' here soused as usual.

Barkeeper
I'd like to close down this shop, but we got the regulars to think about... I don't know what to do......

Item Shopkeeper
They're not going to get me down! Not me!!
Weapon, Meteor, even bad customers, aren't going to get me!

Inside the barracks...

Soldier Guarding the Respectable Inn
Hmmm? You have no right to enter!

Commander (drilling a soldier)
Hey!! Stay out of the way!

Soldier
I'm starting to feel like I can't stop anymore.

Commander
Hey! Stop yappin'!

Soldier
I've been had!! I want to get in a real battle, too!

Soldier Studying
I lost most of my rivals in the attack on Weapon.
Oh, of course, I was here, studying.
And the coveted green officer's uniform is almost in my reach.
After that, I'll get on the newspapers as a plain clothed First Class officer in SOLDIER...
A triumphant return to my homeland!! Tons of fan letters... My future's peachy!

Shinra Member's Bar...

Barkeeper
I'm sorry. I've decided to close this place down.
All my regular customers were killed by Weapon.
Everyone was pretty weird, but I got a lot of memories of them.

2nd floor materia shop...

Girl
Please! Come in...

Girls
Welcome!

Honey Bee Girl
Look, why not forget about Meteor and Weapon for now and do a little impulse shopping!?

Black-haired Girl
Buy a lot, cutie!

Redhead
I won't charge you for a smile...

Girl
Please go to the counter.

Woman
Why don't you surround yourself with young girls and have some fun... maybe for the last time.

Shopkeeper
I hired more girls after hearing that the world's coming to an end, but I wonder if I made a mistake.
I keep getting more and more in debt. I've got to get out from under it somehow. Maybe I'll have Weapon help me.

Girls
Thank you very much!

3rd floor accessory shop. The shopkeeper is dressed in a black cloak.

Shopkeeper
I used to be in SOLDIER. Recently, I've felt like dressing up like this...
I don't know why, it's out of season, but...

In another barracks...

Soldier (trying to cross his legs casually)
I'm learning to be a delinquent soldier!!
I just can't seem to get the hang of it! It just isn't going right!!

Delinquent Soldier
All the real soldiers were killed fighting Weapon.
It may seem ironic that losers like me are still alive. But that's the reality of it.

Upstairs...

Shinra Manager
I only came to help with the transporting of Junon's Huge Cannon, Sister Ray, but...
Now the company tells me not to bother coming back...
What's being a Shinra employee all about...?
Yeeeeee......
If Weapon killed all the upper management... then I'll be President...!!

Weapons Shopkeeper
Weapon was really something. Nothing can compare with his strength, but with a selection like this, our weapons'll win.

The docks are empty.

Sailor
Everyday there's no ship coming in, I always come here to watch the sun go down.
The sun disappears almost like it's swallowed up in the big horizon.
And somewhere out there is a big unknown continent with another port city.
Twilight always gets me misty...
I'm so glad I became a seaman.
Well... I wouldn't have time for one now anyway because of that Weapon thing...
I haven't had a girl friend in 18 years. And I'm a romantic! ......phew.

At Costa del Sol...

At the harbor...

Man Near Sea Plane
Well, I'm not worried. When it all comes down, I'm heading for the skies.
The only problem is...... will there be anywhere left to land?

Woman Lounging on Sea Plane
Not gonna be able to nap like this for much longer.
When you put it that way, I feel kind of sad.

Sailor
There's no ship to Junon. Recently, there's been a hoard on materials. Everything's topsy-turvy.

Sailor Running Around
Everyone's in a rush to get one last vacation in before the Meteor strikes, That's why it's so busy here.

Back to the town...

Woman at the Information Kiosk
I don't feel like sightseeing around town. What I really want to do is... Looks like Gold Saucer is temporarily closed.

In the bar...

Waitress
I wan' learn how speak beddah. But don' wan' have stars fall down. You think... same?

White Surfer
I don't care if it's the Meteor or not, I'm not giving up yet!
I still haven't surfed the best waves of Costa del Sol!
I hope the Meteor doesn't strike before I do.

Black Surfer
It's weird seeing the reflection of the Meteor on the sea in the evening!
It gives you the creeps.

Black Man
...huff... wheeze...
Heat and cold are just memories of the Planet......

Man
I don't understand what my boss is thinking!
I'm gonna yell at him! I'm gonna scream my head off till it gets ugly!
Isn't that what life's all about? What do you think?

Mukki
I'm just sitting here havin' a quiet drink.

Woman Behind Counter
When you're in here, forget all those awful things going on outside, and... just enjoy yourself.

Back outside...

Women
They're burning. Someday they'll burn out.
The stars are just like our youth.
Ho! Ho! Ho!...... It's the end of the world.

Little Boy
Oh wow!! Man, that's huge!!

Little Girl
The stars!! They're in flames!!

At Johnny's house...

Johnny
I proposed to her in the middle of all that Meteor stuff!
I don't care even if the world were to end right now!
I can't think of anything else!

Butch
Good or bad everything's gotta go! It's the end of the world sale!!

Item Shopkeeper
Wanna buy a souvenir to remember participating in the Meteor tour?

Innkeeper (lying in bed)
I don't feel like doing anything. I just want to spend the rest of my life sleeping.
Will you be staying together?

Tifa
- Yes
- No thanks

At the beach...

Man
Sitting around waiting for Meteor to come...... Why's it gotta fall on us?

Woman
It's getting closer and closer. Someone will do something, don't you think?

Woman 2
The sea breeze, sun and Meteor. Isn't nature strange?

Woman 3
I don't care even if it is the end of the world, I just want to sit here and drink cocktails!
Ooooh...... I think I drank too much.

Man Swimming
Eaaggh!! Leave me alone!
I'm trying to learn how to swim before the end of the world.

At North Corel...

Man
Staring up at Meteor won't put food in my stomach.
But if I look down, sometimes I find somethin' to eat.

Inside a tent...

Old Man
The next train's coming in soon.

Black Woman
As long as we're here, Grandpa's not going to be able to forget about trains.
Maybe we'll start anew, moving to Southern Isle of Mideel.

Big Man
Look down... nuthin' but junk. Look up... Meteor.
Am I gonna be stuck between these two for the rest of my life?

Man in Hardhat
Hey, what's gonna happen to the world...?
I guess no one wants to have fun anymore now that the Gold Saucer is closing...

At the ropeway...

Station Man
The Gold Saucer is currently closed. The Ropeway's up and runnin', but there's no point in goin' there.

At Gold Saucer...

Dio
I'm sorry, I'm gonna close this for a while.
I'm just debating if I should be in business at a time like this.

At Gongaga...

Old Man
You lost? When that happens the only ones you can count on are your friends.
The first thing you gotta do is find your best friend.

Redhead
Life Stream? Never heard of it.
The Planet's structure? ...Who cares about that?
Why don't you go ask Bugenhagen of Cosmo Canyon hard questions like that?

Accessory Shopkeeper
We voted to outlaw the use of Mako energy and live with nature, ever since the explosion.

At Cosmo Canyon...

Gatekeeper
Oh, it's you. This is terrible. The color of that unlucky star...
The children are all so scared that they won't even go outside.
I'd rather not see it either...

Man
Mmm...... I can't be standing here talking about the 'Study of Planet Life'.
I think I'll be heading back to my homeland now...

General Storekeeper
Hi. Of course, our stores open.
No need to fear. I have the 'Study of Planet Life' right here.
No, maybe I AM a bit afraid. But, whenever I'm reading 'Study of Planet Life,' I can forget all my fears.

Barkeeper
How about our original cocktail, 'Lifestream'?
You should forget your troubles with a drink. We humans sure are weak creatures...

Elder Bugah
Live with the planet, die with the planet.
Maybe this is the way it should be. Who knows? I'm full of booze...
It's when I think about the children. I wonder if we could just save our own children.

Kid in Nanaki's Room
It's not that I'm afraid of that big star.
It's just that, uh, I have a stomach ache... That's why I'm not moving. That's the truth!

Innkeeper
Welcome to 'Shindra Inn'. It's times like this a nice, soft bed will do you good.

Weapons Shopkeeper
Welcome. You still want more weapons? You sure are weird...
Uh, I mean, it's weird. if there weren't people like you, I'll be out of business. Heh, heh, heh... sweat...!

Elder Hargo
Mm... oh, this? This is the book of Stars. I'm just finishing it.
Nothing is meaningless. If I do this then, someday, someone will run across it.
The Ancients did the same. That is how we know about them, right? Maybe my book also......

Materia Shopkeeper
Oh man... Everything is over, once the meteor hits...
I've been selling Materia for 10 years now, ever since I was 16. What have I been doing with my life...?
Welcome! Oh, it's nothing. Now, please make yourselves comfortable!

In living quarters next door...

Woman
Hmm... I wonder what's going to happen now...

Kid
Don't worry, mom! All of us just need to go through that door!
Mr. Bugenhagen sealed it so we wouldn't have to worry bout it!
But what's a seal...?

Up at the observatory...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo.
...no time to be humming now. The planet is nearing imminent death.
Where is Cloud? Wasn't he with you?

Tifa
That's why we're here... Cloud... Cloud has...

She explains.

Bugenhagen
I see... Cloud has......
It's true that there are several places on the planet where Lifestream is gathered.
But most of those places are below the surface where humans cannot reach them.
There's only one place. An island floating in the Southern Sea...
What did you say? I haven't left here in years... No good. I can't remember.
In the Southern Seas I think there was an island where Lifestream is.
But even if you find Cloud there...
Life's dream is a mass of spiritual energy,
and one person alone probably couldn't stand against such an incredible spiritual current...

At Nibelheim...

Woman in Shop
How can you shop at a time like this?
What? 'Me, in business'?
Don't worry, it's all right. I get paid by the company.
My real job is to protect the secret of Nibelheim.
What? Secret?
We don't have a clue. But it's all right.
It's all over anyway!
The end, the end, the end!! Yeah, even as we speak, Meteor...! The End...!

In Cloud's house...

Woman
What's going to happen to this planet!? What the hell's Shinra doing!?

In Tifa's room, at the piano...

Tifa
Cloud... Cloud was playing.
I wonder what... this is...

Received "Elemental" Materia!

At Rocket Town...

In the Inn...

Man Looking at Paintings
Mmmm... I'm starting to see it now...

Barkeeper
You don't feel comfortable here? Then, every time you look in the sky you see Meteor.

Man
Meteor's coming toward us!? And I can't even go to the bathroom...!?

Back outside...

Redhead
If things go on like this, then Meteor's just going to smash right into us and kill us all, right? ......I guess that's life?

Mechanic
Look up at the sky. The bigger Meteor gets, the less time we have to live.

Old Man
Shinra's trying to gather the Huge Materia from Corel and Fort Condor. There are four left, and they're transporting them here.
I can't stand the thought of them using my rocket for something like this.
Anyways.
How 'bout it? Want to look at the rocket with me?

Tifa
- Look up
- No

Look up

Old Man
It seems like there's a lot happenin' in the outside world, but as long as I got this rocket... I'm satisfied.

No

Old Man
Oh, how boring...

At Cid's house...

Shera
...What's going to happen?

At Wutai...

Woman Walking Near River
Life is like the dew on the leaves of the trees. Whether that planet falls or not is no more than a fleeting glimmer.

At the old man's house...

Old Man
Oh, you know lately things have been like that. You can even see the moon in the afternoon. Everyone's celebrating.

Boy
No, Gramps! That's a big red planet in the sky! Everyone's scared of it!!

At the Weapons Shop...

Man
This is a weapons store of the hard cores, by the hard cores, and for the hard cores! Come on and take a look, why doncha!?

Shopkeeper
Hey yo! Welcome!
You aren't tired of my babbling?
Great! Then come on in and start buying!

At Turtle's Paradise...

Barkeeper
First the ground started shaking, then that large star......
Yy, you think... It's all over?

Man
Hey. Things look pretty sad around here.
With things the way they are in the world I guess there's nothing I can do about it.
Running around like a fool won't help matters any. So, we all might as well sit back and have a beer...

Little Kid
When that big star bashes into us, both Wutai and Da-chao are going to be dust! Can't we do something?

At the Item Shop...

Shopkeeper
You're still gonna sit here and buy stuff at a time like this?
You're an odd one...

Woman
And now it's too late to be worrying about materia at this stage of the game...
If you see anything you need, buy it.

Man on the Path to Godo's House
The end is right in front of us...
But what can you do about it? Just go on living your life day in and day out...

Man Outside Godo's House
Have you ever heard the story of the scales of the Water God?
They're not just regular scales. They have special hidden powers. And are impervious to the strongest flames.
But of course I don't think they'd stand up to the fire that huge eerie-lookin' Planet's gonna make when it crashes into us...

In the shrine...

People Praying
num, num...... I hope the planet doesn't fall anywhere around here......
He's in the pagoda next to Lord Godo. Lord Godo says we're stuck...
Help me. Help me. Help me......

Going in the Pagoda without Yuffie...

Gorky
Oh, you there! How is Miss Yuffie doing?

Shake
Did that kid mature at all?

Chekhov
She's always like this. It'll be rougher on you.

Staniv
Please take care of Miss Yuffie.

Godo
Your Mat-...
I mean, please look after Yuffie...!

At Bone Village...

Excavator
Welcome to Bone Village, a town for nature lovers.
You need something?

Tifa
- Are you going to run away??
- What are you doing?

Are you going to run away??

Excavator
We've already learned about everything that has happened from the beginning of this Planet through fossils.
Now, we want to see on through to the end of the Planet... It's such a mixed feeling...

What are you doing?

Excavator
We're excavating. It's like the land's telling a history of the planet.

At Icicle Inn...

Inside the small house...

Woman
I don't think I could live in this town. It gets so cold here!
I have to move again... I don't know where to start.

Man
The reason for the drop in temperature must be because of that dome of light at the Northern limits...
You all should get away from here and go to a place like Mideel Island in the south.

Boy
I wanted to get a lot better at snowboarding...

Inside the large house...

Old Woman
Cough... cough... I've been living in this town for 60 years. And STILL I caught a cold...
I heard there's a doctor on a Southern island somewhere. I sure wish he'd come here... cough... cough...

Woman
Grandma's been sick for a while and doesn't have much energy lately...

Man in Yard
It's the first time that the temperature has dipped this low, this fast...
There's also that mysterious light at the Northern limits too. Does it mean that we've reached the end of the world?

At Icicle Inn...

Man
With all the strange things happening in the world, I kinda understand why people want to leave...

Man 2
Maybe we'd better leave town soon too.
Let's go to that island in the South! What was it called...... hmm?
Yeah, yeah, I heard that there's a town called Mideel on a southern island.

Person in Bathroom
I'm still in here! All right!?

Back outside...

Little Girls
I heard that there's a barrier on top of the mountain.
What's a barrier? You mean that light on the top of the mountain?

Man in Thicket
There's a barrier at the North end of the crater! You shouldn't go any further.

The Chocobo Sage's house becomes accessible after gaining the Highwind, but can be visited while Tifa, Cid, or Cloud is the party leader.

Chocobo Sage
Ho ho. It's unusual for people to come to such an out of the way place...
I can't remember how many years it's been since the last person came.

Cloud, Tifa, or Cid
Who are you?

Chocobo Sage
Me? I'm......
I don't know.

    Cloud
    You don't know who you are?

    Tifa
    Wha? You don't know who you are?

    Cid
    Huh? You're sayin' you don't even know who you are?

Chocobo Sage
Been a while since I gave it any thought...
Wonder what they used to call me?
Oh yeah!! They used to call me the 'Chocobo Sage'. That's right!!
Right, that was it, The Chocobo Sage!!

    Cloud
    (no one would forget that)

    Tifa
    (Who would forget that?)

    Cid
    (the hell's up with this guy?)

Chocobo Sage
Now what can I do for you?

Cloud, Tifa, or Cid
- What about that Chocobo?

Chocobo Sage
That chocobo? Well that one is...
Let's see now, I don't quite remember...

On a second visit...

Chocobo Sage
Now what can I do for you?

Cloud, Tifa, or Cid
- You remember something?

Chocobo Sage
I remember now! That's the one they call...
It's a Mountain Chocobo. And just like the name says, he can cross any mountain.
There was another one that could cross rivers, too. They call him 'River Chocobo'.

    Cloud
    Where can we catch one?

    Tifa
    Where can we find one?

    Cid
    Where can I get one of those Whatdyacallem chocobos?

Chocobo Sage
There aren't any around now.

    Cloud
    ...... That's one right there isn't it?

    Tifa
    What about that one right there?

    Cid
    What're you flappin' about? There's one right there!

Chocobo Sage
Wha? I wonder what he's doing there?
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a third visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh, oh yeah! That chocobo was...
......was bred from a 'Great Chocobo' and a 'Good Chocobo'.
When they're given "Carob Nuts" while breeding, there's a chance you'll get one of these Chocobos.

    Cloud
    So where's this chocobo?
    So where can I get some of these 'Carob Nuts'?

    Tifa
    So where can I find those Chocobos?
    ...and what about those 'Carob Nuts'...

    Cid
    So where is the chocobo?
    And what about those nut things?

Chocobo Sage
Huh? Where? Where was that?
And what was that nut?
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a fourth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh, OK. I remember! That chocobo...
...It's on an island southeast of here, In a place called Corel surrounded by greenery.
You should be able to catch one just west of Corel. And some 'Carob Nuts', too......
There used to be some monsters just south of here that had them. Or you might...
............ Funny...... What was I saying just now?
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a fifth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh right!
It was about the Mountain Chocobo and the River Chocobo I told you about.
When you mate these two together...
...you get one that can cross rivers AND mountains.
And... And also... uh, what was I saying?
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a sixth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh, yeah! And also...
There's one that can cross oceans, too!

    Cloud
    You probably don't remember but...
    How can I get one of those Chocobos?

    Tifa
    You probably are going to say you forgot, but...
    How can I get one of those chocobos?

    Cid
    Great! I know you probably already forgot but,
    Where can I get one of those chocobos?

Chocobo Sage
Hey, don't tease me like that! To get an Ocean-crossing Chocobo, you just...
Let's see now... ...Nope. Don't remember a thing.
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a seventh visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh, I remember! The Ocean-crossing Chocobo is...
The Mountain-and-River-crossing Chocobo is...... is... Oh, what was I saying?
Let's see now... ...Nope. Don't remember a thing.

On an eighth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Right, right! I remember! You take the Mountain-and-River-crossing Chocobo...
Mate it with a 'Wonderful Chocobo' you can catch right around here... And you'll get...
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a ninth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh, right! You'll need a...
'Zeio Nut'. Now let me see, as I remember, the Zeio nut...
Where was it you could find those things?
Can't remember for the life of me...

On a tenth visit...

Chocobo Sage
Oh yeah! Zeio nuts were...
The favorite of goblins. There's a small island east of here where the goblins have a bunch of them.

And finally...

Chocobo Sage
I think...
...that's all I'm gonna remember.
Oh!
That's it...

< Junon | The World | Mideel >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Mideel - Finding Cloud
Searching Mideel
Finding Cloud
Shinra's Huge Materia Plan
A New Leader

Tifa leads the way into Mideel.

Old Man at Entrance
Ahoy! Hey ain't you a beaut. This here's Mideel. It's a quiet little Hot Springs town.
Just the perfect place for old folks like us to live out our lives.
I hear that things ain't so peaceful on the outside. But here it's still nice and quiet.

In the Item Shop...

Shopper
But anyhow, that overgrown moon is going to fall down on us isn't it?
This's no joke! We've got to start stocking up on supplies before they're all gone!
Outta the way! Hey, move it, move it!

Shopkeeper
Welcome! We always welcome cash! Now, about where you want to go...
I'm afraid other customers have already booked it up. There's nothing left.
......just kidding! Just a little joke. Now what can I do for you?
Thank you! Come again!

Girl in Blue Outside
Gather 'round, gather 'round, this is a bargain!!
We've got the best armor and weapons, the likes of which you won't find anywhere else.
But it's first come first served, so get yours now!
Step right up! You there, don't just stand around outside.
Go on in! Come on! Don't be shy, step right up!
I'll never know why he wanted to open a store in a dead town like this. What's up with him......? ...sigh......

On the upper platform at the far left...

Man
Everything must come to an end. And someday it's gonna be your turn. Even the world's gotta end sometime.
Everybody leaves at one time or another. And everyone gets left also. That's just fate...
It's sad, but there's nothing that can be done about it. So that's why I'm prayin' like this for all of you.

As she walks past him, there is a clinking noise.

Tifa
Huh......? What could that be?
There's something stuck deep inside that looks like a key... It's hard to get out.
Well, I'll just let it go for now......

In the Weapons Shop...

Shopper
You again! You aren't here hoarding up goods too are you?
Don't reach in front of me! Everything in this store is mine!
I've got money to burn! I've been saving it like mad just for a time like this!
C'mon, outta the way! Move, will you? Move!

Shopkeeper
Welcome to the charity store, a store of love and courage! What can I get you today?
Thank you very much! Please come again.

In the back of the store is a door. Tifa knocks on it.

Tifa
No good... I wonder if it's locked?

She returns to the key.

Tifa
I wonder if there isn't some way to get this outta here...?
If I just move this...... And push that...... Okay! I got it out!

Or, if she didn't notice the key earlier:

There's something stuck deep inside that looks like an old key...

Received a "Beat-up Useless Old Key"!

Inside the nearby house...

Woman
You say you don't know when the stars are gonna fall outta the sky? Is that for real?
I still don't believe it! How could this be happen?

Old Man
Ancient Weapon? End of the world? I don't know nothing about that! I'm gonna live to be a hundred!
There's tons of stuff I still gotta do! This's just the beginning.
And what have Shinra and SOLDIER done about it? Tell me! They're a waste!!

Girl
Actually, I'm a beautiful maid. I just work here in the accessory store part-time.
Everything here can compare with the best goods anywhere. So, how about one?
Thank you. Stop by again.

Back to the Weapons Shop, Tifa again inspects the door...

Tifa
Oh yeah, shall I try that old beat up key?
- Use the beat up old key!
- Forget it

Use the beat up old key!

Okay, this is it.
hmm. Huh...? This is pretty tight...
Eyaaah...!?
Oh no! ......it broke. Now I can't get it out...

Shopkeeper
Is something wrong......?

Tifa
Ulp!?
Huh? Uh, no......
What am I gonna do......?
- Lie your butt off!
- Tell them the truth!

Lie your butt off!

Nothing! I was just thinking how nice that door was, that's all.

Shopkeeper
Oh... why, thank you very much.

Tifa
Whew... that was close. But that was kind of bad...

Tifa looks at the door.

...... The key's broken off inside, and I can't get to it...
...... I don't know anything about it.

Tell them the truth!

I'm... sorry! I forced the key and it broke!

Shopkeeper
Huh? Key? You mean the one to that door?

Tifa nods.

Shopkeeper
Hah, hah, hah! That's a good one!

Tifa
???

Shopkeeper
Of course there's no key. It's a wall. We just painted a door on it.

Tifa
What!? It's not a real door?

Shopkeeper
That's right. We drew it on there to make it feel like you could pass through it to another world.
Sorry to have surprised you. It's not much of an apology, but please take this.

Tifa
Really? Thank you.

Tifa and the others received "Cursed Ring"!

Shopkeeper
If possible, we're hoping to pass through a dream door like that one into another world
I got the feeling that you all might be able to make my dreams come true in my place. Weird, isn't it?

Forget it

I'd better not. It doesn't look like it even fits.

Woman
Huh? Never seen you here before. You from outta town? How're things on the outside?
Between the earthquakes and Meteor...... It just might be the end of the world like everyone's been sayin'...
Oh, how depressing! What a miserable world this is......

In the Materia shop...

Shopper
Oh...... there's not much time left!! You never know when that moon is gonna come crashing down!!
When it all comes down to it, this world's about money and material things!
If you got 'em, you can get by whenever, wherever!
Gotta buy!! Gotta buy, buy, buy!! I'm gonna shop till I drop!!

Shopkeeper
Ah, welcome to you! What I get you to-day?
Thank very much! You come 'gain.

Outside, Tifa comes across a lone dog.

Tifa
What's the matter? Are you all alone?

She kneels down in front of it as it whines.

You got lost didn't you? Separated from someone you love......? Silly thing...

Bald Man
......guess it's been about a week now since he washed up here on the shore... Poor pokey-headed young thing...

Old Man
It was really sad...... but weird. he was holding this really long sword.
I dunno. The whole thing feels unlucky to me. But the amazing thing was those weird blue eyes......

Tifa
Wha!?

She jumps up.

Wh...... wait a minute!! What did you just say!?

She runs over to the two men.

Excuse me! That young person you were just talking about......

Bald Man
Yeah... a villager found him a little ways down the coast... It was about a week ago I think.

Old Man
Yeah, poor kid...... He must've drifted from somewhere pretty far away...

Tifa
Cloud!! It must be!! It's Cloud!!

    Barret
    You sure!?

    Nanaki
    Over here!

    Yuffie
    BINGO!!

    Cait Sith
    Jackpot!

    Vincent
    You've found him.

    Cid
    Heh, good job, Tifa.

Tifa
So where is he? Is he safe!? Where is he now......?

Bald Man
Yeah... up ahead here... At the, uh, clinic......

Tifa
He's alive...!
Cloud...... Cloud's alive!!

She runs off towards the clinic.

Cloud......!!

    Barret
    Uh...!? Yo, Tifa!

    Nanaki
    Halt!

    Yuffie
    Hey!!

    Cait Sith
    Wait up!

Tifa runs into the clinic.

Tifa
Cloud!?

Doctor
Here now. The way you're running around here, you'd think Meteor fell or something.

Tifa
I'm sorry, but I heard that a friend of mine was being taken care of here......

Doctor
A friend...?
Oh yeah......! That young fellow!?
Don't worry. Your friend is next door. But I'm afraid his condition is...

Tifa
Here?
Over here.

She runs into the next room, where Cloud is sitting in a wheelchair with a nurse near him.

Cloud...!?

The nurse steps aside and lowers her head. The doctor comes to the doorway as the others run into the clinic.

Tifa
Oh... Cloud!! I'm so glad you're safe!?
......!?
Cloud......?

Cloud
Uh...... aaa......?

Tifa
Wh...... what's wrong...... Cloud......?

Cloud
A...... Gurk......?

Tifa
Cloud! What happened to you......!?

Doctor
Mako poisoning...... Quite an advanced case......
It appears this young man's been exposed to a high level of Mako energy for a protracted period of time.
He probably has no idea who or where he is now......
Poor fellow, his voice doesn't even work. He is literally miles away from us.
Some place far away where no one's ever been... All alone......

Tifa
Doctor......!!

    Barret
    That's bad......

    Nanaki
    How horrible......

    Yuffie
    You lyin' or what!?

    Cait Sith
    That's terrible......

    Vincent
    .........

    Cid
    Damn...... that's evil.

Tifa drops to her knees before Cloud.

Tifa
Cloud......

Doctor
Ahem! Let us excuse ourselves.
Listen, would you all mind...... waiting outside?

Barret
......

Everyone files outside, leaving Tifa alone with Cloud.

Tifa
Why......? What do you want me to do?
Please, Cloud...... Talk to me......
Tell me you see me, that you can hear me...... Tell me, please......
I came this far believing in the memories we have together...
This isn't happening......! This is too cruel......
Oh, Cloud......! I............

Meanwhile, outside...

    Barret
    So what about him? You know...... Cloud?

    Nanaki
    Tell me doctor, is Cloud all right? I mean will he heal?

    Yuffie
    Hey doc, is he okay? Is he gonna heal?

    Cait Sith
    Hey doctor, is Cloud all right? Is he gonna get better? Come on, tell us the truth.

    Cid
    Listen Doc, why don't you tell us the truth.
    What about Cloud? Is he all right?

Doctor
I'll say it again, he's got Mako poisoning. I've never seen a case this bad...
An immense amount of Mako-drenched knowledge was put into his brain all at once......
No normal human could have survived it...... It's a miracle he did!

    Barret
    No wonder...... After fallin' in the Lifestream an' bein' washed up here......

    Nanaki
    No wonder. He fell into the Lifestream and was washed up here......

    Yuffie
    No lie. After fallin' head first into the Lifestream.

    Cait Sith
    No wonder. After falling into the Lifestream......

    Cid
    No wonder...... After all he fell into the Lifestream and was carried down here.

Doctor
But remember, the light of hope can be found anywhere.
Listen, if you give up hope... What will happen to him?

    Nanaki
    Hmm, I know he'll recover! Cloud was a strong member of SOLDIER.

    Yuffie
    Yeah, that's right. Besides, WE'RE here for him. He's gotta get better!

    Cait Sith
    Yeah! I know Cloud'll get better!
    With friends like us worrying about him He can't go wrong.

    Cid
    ......... Hope............
    I guess that's all that's left for us now......

Barret
......hope......
Hey, but honestly, man...... Do I really want him to come back?
What did he do for the world? What can he do for us from here on out? He may be nothing more than Sephiroth's shadow......

Doctor
Is something wrong?

Barret
No, nothin'. Nothin' at all, doc.

Tifa steps outside.

Tifa
.........

    Barret
    You okay?

    Nanaki
    Are you all right, Tifa?

    Yuffie
    You okay, Tifa?

    Cait Sith
    You all right?

    Cid
    You okay?

Tifa
Yes...... I'm sorry I had you all worried.
And I have something I want to tell you all......

She turns back inside and the others follow.

Tifa
I don't care about anything else, only Cloud......
I...... want to be by his side......

    Barret
    Yeah, that's probably best......
    For Cloud...... an' for you......

    Nanaki
    Yes, that's best!

    Yuffie
    You gotta do it then. You gotta live true to yourself.

    Cait Sith
    If Tifa was my nurse, I'd switch places with Cloud any day!

    Vincent
    Do what you wish.

    Cid
    Yeah. Right. Hang in there, Tifa.

Tifa
I'm sorry, everyone... At a time like this......

    Barret
    Why you apologizin'? We'll come back again an' check on ya.

    Nanaki
    That's all right. We'll be by again.

    Yuffie
    No big, no big. I'll pop in again later.

    Cait Sith
    What're you talkin' about? Not even. We'll stop in again.

    Vincent
    Don't worry. We'll return and check on him later.

    Cid
    Don't worry. I'll stop by again sometime.

    Barret
    You take care now, Tifa. And take care of Cloud.

    Nanaki
    Do your best, Tifa. Take care of Cloud.

    Yuffie
    Look after Cloud. Take care, Tifa.

    Cait Sith
    Hope Cloud gets better soon.

    Vincent
    Take care of him.

    Cid
    You hang in there, Tifa. Take care of Cloud.

Tifa
Right......

Barret
Oh, and uh, Tifa... I don't like askin' this but......
Is he really your childhood friend? And not Sephiroth's shadow?

Tifa
Huh!? Well... that is......
No, I'm sure of it!

Barret
Yeah......? Okay then...... Sorry for askin' that.

    Barret
    We gotta get back to the Highwind.

    Nanaki
    We should be getting back to the Highwind.

    Yuffie
    Hey, shouldn't we be gettin' back to the Highwind?

    Cait Sith
    Well, I guess we'd better go back to the Highwind.

    Vincent
    Very well then, we should be getting back to the Highwind.

    Cid
    Now, we gotta be headin' back to the Highwind.

The others leave Tifa with Cloud and return to the Highwind.

Barret
What're we gonna do now! What can WE do?
Huh? Ain't there nothin' we can do?
An' don' go tellin' us to wait for Cloud to get better.

Cait Sith
Oh, I've got some news.

Barret
Yeah, what!? That you a spy?

Cait Sith
Yeah...... I've already told you I was.
Both gya ha ha and Kya ha ha, are up to something.
Wanna eavesdrop?

In the Conference Room at Shinra HQ...

Rufus
Now then...... We're faced with two issues.
1 Destroy Meteor. 2 Remove the barrier around North Cave and defeat Sephiroth.
Any ideas?

Heidegger
Gya haah hah hah! We already solved the first problem!
Meteor will soon be smashed to bits!
The plan has already been put in motion. Namely, to collect Huge Materia from each region.

Rufus
Well......

Scarlet
Huge Materia is a high density special type of materia made through a special compression process in Mako reactors.
The energy extracted from it is 330 times the strength of normal materia.
Ha, ha, ha! How about that!?
We will gather all the Huge Materia together and ram it into Meteor.
That will cause a huge explosion!! Reducing Meteor literally to bits.

Rufus
You're going to ram Meteor?
Do you think we have the technology to do it?

Scarlet
Don't worry about that!
More importantly, we've got to collect Huge Materia from each area.

Heidegger
We've already collected materia from Nibelheim.
All that's left is "Corel" and "Fort Condor".
I've already dispatched troops to Corel.
Ghaa haah hah hah!

Back on the Highwind...

Barret
Corel!
What else can they do to Corel!?

Nanaki
And the Huge Materia......
You mean the Huge Materia, don't you? I've heard about it.
When, our small materia nears the larger one, something should happen.
I'm certain of it.
That's why we're using the power of materia in our fight......

Barret
Can't let Shinra get a hold of the Huge Materia!
Besides, when Cloud gets back, I wanna show him this Huge Materia. He's gonna be shocked.

Cait Sith
So, what are you saying, Barret?
Even though you're always knocking him, you really want Cloud to return.

Barret
I ain't sayin' nothin' 'bout nothin'. You just... shut your face!
Every group's gotta have a leader.
An' that's me!
Or at least I wanna be... But I ain't cut out to be no leader.
I never knew that till lately.
An' that's what is......

Cid
......ZZZZ...... hmph?

He wakes and gets to his feet.

Wha? What's goin' on?

Barret
You been chosen to be the new leader.

Cid
Pain in the ass. Forget it.

Barret
But for us to fight, we gotta have Highwind, and you.
We need it to save the Planet. An' who's runnin' this ship? You!
That's why you're our new leader. Ain't no one else can.

Cid
Hm...... this ship's gonna save the Planet, huh? Ain't that gonna be just a little tough?
Oh man, that went straight to my heart.
I'm a man, too!
Okay, I'll do it! Everyone, follow me!

Barret
Awright, now here's the first job.
The Operation Room's waiting for you!

Cid
Yeah!!

He runs off.

Barret
Yo, Cid!
When you're ready, we're headin' for the Corel Reactor. C'mon Mr. leader, you'd better hurry.

Yuffie
Cid......????
I know you're all dyin' to talk to a babe like me!
But just leave me alone. This ship makes me...... urk...!!

Crew Members
I'm not just shooting the breeze! I'm also working!
Good day, Captain!
Looks like you turned out to be the leader after all, Captain......

Barret
Yo, Mr. Leader! Get your pilot ass up here!

Nanaki
Cid.
Let's visit Cloud and Tifa from time to time.

Cait Sith
Hmmn, the Huge Materia is at Corel, Fort Condor......
I'm sure there was another place that had it. Where was that......?

Vincent
Cid...... I wish I had your go-get-them attitude.
It appears my feelings vanished into thin air ever since I was in that long slumber......

Pilot in training (LV6)
Yaah! Shall we take off?

Cid
- Yes
- No

Pilot in training (LV6)
Yaah! We're taking off!

< The World | Mideel | North Corel >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

North Corel - Huge Materia
Arrival at the Corel Reactor
Return to North Corel
Back on the Highwind

At Kalm...

Redhead
Hey, listen to me! The Shinra troops are on the move.
The TV news said Rufus came up with 2 plans. One, is to launch a rocket into space containing Huge Materia......
Is Huge Materia really that destructive?

At Corel...

Man
Shinra soldiers came around sayin' they were gathering up all the Huge Materia.
I think they're gonna bring it here by coal train, from the Corel Reactor.

Big Man
Some Shinra soldiers went up to Mt. Corel. They said they're collecting Huge Materia to blow up Meteor!
Ya think they can really do it...? I'll bet the reactor destroys everything even before Meteor hits!

Cid and the others travel through the mountains to the Corel Reactor.

Soldier
You guys are...!

They fight and defeat the two soldiers guarding the door.

Cid
Guess we're safe for now...!

A train whistle sounds.

    Barret
    Da---mn!

    Nanaki
    Ohh!

    Yuffie
    Wa... wait!

    Cait Sith
    Wha... what is it, what is it!

    Vincent
    !!

They get out of the way as a train exits the reactor.

Cid
Looks like they're takin' off with the Huge Materia in that train!

    Barret
    NO! You damn boneheads!

    Nanaki
    Did the Shinra beat us!?

    Yuffie
    What are ya gonna do!? Huge Materia!?

    Cait Sith
    Wha... you're not thinking about giving up...

    Vincent
    ...go after them?

Cid
Hey, do you know who I am?
I'm Cid - that's who the hell I am! Now just let me handle it!

They run inside the reactor and another whistle sounds.

Cid
Hey, hey, hey, hey---!

They come out riding a smaller train.

    Barret
    How can they even drive this?

    Nanaki
    It sure helped having Cid here. I had no idea he could drive a train...

    Yuffie
    Pretty good for an old guy. I'm impressed you can move this thing!

    Cait Sith
    Way to go, Mister! You used to drivin' this thing too?

    Vincent
    I'm impressed. You can drive this too...?

Cid
Don't ask me... I don't know!

    Barret
    What!?

    Nanaki
    Wa...What!?

    Yuffie
    What!? You serious!?

    Cait Sith
    Huh? What'd you just say!?

    Vincent
    Wha... what...!?

Cid
Don't worry! I can handle this kinda stuff!
Two levers; one on the right and one on the left...
I see, just alternate the two levers up and down, right!?
Judging from the enemy's speed, I'd say it'll take about 10 minutes.
We're gonna fly!! Hold on tight!!

If they fail to catch up to Shinra's train...

Cid
DAMN!
Sorry! I couldn't catch up to them!

They walk into North Corel, which is unharmed.

Cid
Sorry... I never shoulda gave that Huge Materia to the Shinra so easily...

    Barret
    Can't keep regrettin' the past... It's the future we gotta think about now.

    Nanaki
    What are we going to do now?

    Yuffie
    No use baggin' on yourself! It's not like you, OLD guy!

    Cait Sith
    It's not all over yet. Cheer up!

    Vincent
    ...Isn't it too early to give up?

If they catch up to Shinra's train in time...

Cid
All right! We're gonna jump!!

They jump to the other train and fight their way to the front.

Soldier Driving
What the! You... you guys!

Cid
All right--- Just hand over the Huge Materia!

Soldier Driving
Sh......
Whooooa----!

They fight off the soldier.

Cid
You got guts comin' after me!
I'll never forget you!

    Barret
    Got no time for that now!

    Nanaki
    We got it going, but what about the brakes?

    Yuffie
    Forget about the Huge Materia, WE'RE the ones in deep trouble!

    Cait Sith
    What are we gonna do, kill off the engineer!?

    Vincent
    Hit the brakes, Chief.

Cid
I KNOW, already! Just shut up and keep quiet! If we keep this up, we'll crash right into North Corel!
Let's see... If we alternately use the levers to accelerate, ...
It should brake if we move the levers up or down simultaneously!

    Barret
    Hey, it's not working!

    Nanaki
    We're gaining speed!

    Yuffie
    What are you doin' accelerating!?

    Cait Sith
    Hey---------WAIT! ...other way, other way, other way!

    Vincent
    Isn't it... the other way?

Cid
@#*#! The other way!? Just watch, this time, I'll...

    Barret
    Hey... HEY HEY!!

    Nanaki
    WHOOOOOO----A!!

    Yuffie
    Get serious, you old man!

    Cait Sith
    No... DON'T----!!

    Vincent
    ......!!

If Cid slows the train down in time...

Cid
SHI---------!!

The train stops just at the entrance to North Corel.

Received Key Item "Huge Materia"!

Older Woman
You sure are brave. I'm impressed!

Man
You guys are really something!

Big Man
Aren't you the ones that stopped the Shinra Train?
The Shinra was just about to destroy our lives again...

Man
To you it may be a junk yard, but to us its home.

If Barret is in the party, he will instead say:

It might be full of junk, but this is the only home we got, Barret!!

Barret
Of... of course! We're all born and raised in the coal mines!!
No matter how tough it gets, our hearts burn bright red like coal!

Man
To hell with Meteor! We're Coal Miners, ain't we?
We'll dig a deep tunnel and hide from the Meteor!

Big Man
That's it!
Hey, kid! How about givin' somethin' to these guys fightin' the Shinra?

A kid comes down from above.

Kid
I got it out of the well. Isn't it an amazing rock!!

Received "Ultima" Materia!

Man
Must've been a horrific battle. You have scars all over your body.
I already talked to the Inn's owner, today you can rest for free.

Cid and the others spend the night.

The next day, inside the crumbling house...

Man
I don't want to die, but who can stop Meteor?

Woman
Is Meteor really going to crash down on us......?
I'm still young...... I'll never marry again.
This memento is all I have left of my husband... I'll give it to you if you'll please stop Meteor...

Received "Catastrophe"!

Little Girl
Hey, what's a Meteor?

Back outside...

Man
Whenever I look up in the sky, I see Meteor staring me right in the face......
If you're comin' down, then hurry up do it!! 'Cause I'm gonna kick the $#@& outta ya!

Big Man
I figure if I stay alive long enough, something good's bound to happen.

Inside a tent...

Old Man
What the? Don't get hit by the train!

Black Woman
With Meteor coming, I guess it won't make any difference...

In another tent...

Woman
You saved my life. Not that I have much longer to live anyway...

Kid
When I grow up, I'm gonna travel the world collecting glowing stones!

If Cid fails to slow the train down in time...

Cid
Oh ^%$#&$! We're gonna crash into North Corel!

The train crashes into North Corel. Cid comes to in the inn, rolling off the bed.

Innkeeper
You all right?
Some townspeople carried you here so the Shinra wouldn't find you.
How much more will they have to destroy before they're satisfied!?
Isn't anyone brave enough to stick it to Shinra?

Cid and the others step outside to see the damage.

Cid
^$#@%$! We couldn't stop the train...

    Barret
    I did it again... I can't keep up with this.

    Nanaki
    I could never forgive Shinra!

    Yuffie
    I'd be sad if this place was my hometown...

    Cait Sith
    We got into this situation because we goofed...

    Vincent
    A spectacular sight...

Man in Hardhat
Hey, what's this world coming to...?
Even the Gold Saucer is closing. So does that mean there's no time to be playing around?

Inside the crumbling house...

Man
The town is in shambles...... and Meteor is falling our way...

Older Woman
All we have left is our love for each other.

Woman
Is Meteor really going to crash down on us......?
I'm still young...... I'll never marry again.
This memento is all I have left of my husband... I'll give it to you if you'll please stop Meteor...

Received "Catastrophe"!

Little Girl
Hey, what's a Meteor?

Weapons Shopkeeper
My store was all right!

Big Man
We've lost everything... Now we have to start again from '1'... no, from '0'.

Man
God, what have we done...?
Well, no use just sitting around talking about it. What can we do to get things back to normal?

Man 2
While you guys were relaxing, Shinra troops took the Huge Materia.

Old Man
Um... where was the next train station?

Black Woman
Seeing that train got Grandpa more excited than I've seen him for some time.

Kid
I got a glowing rock from the well.
I'll sell it to you for 50000 gil!

Cid
- Buy it
- Don't buy it

Buy it

Received "Ultima" Materia!

Kid
Yay! My house is finished!!

Or, if you don't have enough money:

You don't have enough money! Don't try to take advantage of me just because I'm a kid!!

Don't buy it

Kid
I wish someone would buy this rock off of me...

Back on the Highwind...

Cid
What's next? Shall we head for Fort Condor?

Barret
Huh? Mr. Leader, what's next!?

Nanaki
We'll do our best for Cloud and you.
......And Aeris, too.

Vincent
......Don't expect anything else from me except fighting beside you.
I don't have any comforting words.
Of course, I don't believe you're the type of guy who needs kindness from other's......

It is possible to do Fort Condor first and Corel second, in which case the dialogue is different:

Cid
There's only one more Huge Materia the Shinra needs... That's the one at the Underwater Reactor.

Yuffie
We've got to hurry and stop 'em!!

Cid
With us always in their face, even the Shinra's gotta be getting tired of it all.
We have to hurry that much... ...right now I'm more worried about him than anything else!

Vincent
Cloud...

Cid
Yeah, and I'm worried about Tifa, too.
Let's go see what's going on at Mideel...

< Mideel | North Corel | Fort Condor >

Back to Script


    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Fort Condor - Huge Materia

Because Fort Condor is optional until this point, it is possible for this to be the party's first visit.

If this is the party's first visit to Fort Condor...

Man
We've been fighting the Shinra for a long time at this battlefield.
Even now, we're still settled in for a long war with them.
If you aren't in a hurry, would you help us fight them?
Listen, we don't want to push you but, if you're in the middle of something, why don't you finish that first?

Cid
- Like to help but...
- I guess we'll help you

Like to help but...

Man
All right then...... Take care of yourselves...

I guess we'll help you

Man
Really!? Then go on up and they'll fill you in on the details.

Cid and the others go inside. They find the man by himself in the shed at the top of the fort, looking out the window.

Man
Do you guys want to see it, too?

Cid
What is it?

Man
The condors. They're huge. Come on, have a look.

Cid has a look out the window, seeing a huge condor nesting close to the Mako reactor that sits atop Fort Condor's hill.

Man
What do ya think? Awesome, huh?

Man with Hat
Hmmn, now this is something, I never thought anyone would ever climb up here.
Any minute now, this will be a battlefield against Shinra. You'd better get down before you get involved.

    Barret
    Shinra? The hell those jackasses doing here?

    Nanaki
    Shinra again.

    Yuffie
    The Shinra? Here too?

    Cait Sith
    ......

    Vincent
    What do you mean by that?

Cid
A battlefield, we can't overlook that.

Man with Hat
It appears you have a problem with Shinra, too. After all, you climbed up here.
Why not listen to what I have to say for a moment?

Cid
All right, talk on!

Man with Hat
Do you know what's at the top of this mountain?

    Barret
    Huh? Something's up there?

    Yuffie
    Look close, old man.

    Cait Sith
    Yeah, come to think of it there was something.

Cid
No matter how you look at it, that's a reactor. And on top of it, is that the Condor?

Man with Hat
I can see you're very perceptive. Yes, it's a reactor and a condor.
Looks like there's a special materia up in the Mako reactor.
Then came the condor, so Shinra dispatched the troops to get rid of it.
Their plan is to get rid of the condor and the people on this mountain and to get the materia from the Mako Reactor.
Unfortunately, we don't have the ability to fight Shinra ourselves.
That's why we have hired soldiers to help us.
As our sponsor you can help us with a contribution or by fighting along side of us...
What do you think? You want to join us in our fight?

Cid
If you go that far, what can I say. Well, we'll be able to do something if you leave it up to us.

    Barret
    Hey! We'll come to the rescue.

    Nanaki
    Got it. I'm gonna lend a hand, too.

    Yuffie
    Okay, it's settled. We're gonna get the materia, right?

    Cait Sith
    Well then, let's do our best.

    Vincent
    That's the right decision.

Man with Hat
I'm begging you. Please prevent the reactor from being destroyed and the condors from being killed.

They go on up to the shack.

Man
So shall I let you in on our strategy?
The enemy is targeting this mountain's reactor and will be climbing to reach it.
We must set a trap and hire soldiers to protect this place.
Well, this is all we have...... this village doesn't have any money. Even if we wanted to fight, our hands are tied 'cause we're broke.
To hire one soldier, we need 400 gil. So, if we hire 20 soldiers, we must have 8000 gil.
That is, we would like you to use your own money to hire these soldiers, buy the trap, set it up and give the commands.
We know that we're asking is selfish. We sent our wives and kids to another village. We are resigned to our fate.
Let's get back to square one. If the enemy penetrates this shed, you'll have to fight them off immediately.
I know it's a one shot deal, but I'm asking for your help.
Now then, is there anything you wish to ask?

Cid
- Enough

Man
Ready?

Cid
- Wait
- Okay, ready
- Hear more

If the party has visited Fort Condor before...

Man with Hat
You've come at a good time. Shinra's changing its strategy now.
It seems that Shinra will destroy the reactor and then take out the materia that's inside.

    Barret
    Man, we're walking on dangerous ground. We can't lose now!

    Nanaki
    We can't afford to be beaten!

    Yuffie
    If we lose here, all the materia we gathered will be for nothing.

    Cait Sith
    You're right. If we lose here, we'll be in great danger.

    Vincent
    We must protect this area.

Cid
Damn! I guess we have to protect this area, too.

They go on up to the shack.

Man
The situation has changed. Looks like the enemy is set to attack. If we lose here, it's over.
Our lives are in your hands. We're counting on you.
Ready?

Cid
- Wait
- Okay, ready
- Hear more

Once the party agrees to fight...

Man
This is the deciding battle. The enemy numbers more than ever before.

A lengthy battle with Shinra troops ensues.

If Cid and the others defeat the Shinra...

Man
YES! We did it! That was wonderful! Thank you!! I doubt Shinra will attack now.

He laughs, then looks outside.

A, arrgghh......

Outside, the condor's egg begins to crack, there is a blaze of light, and the condor falls from atop the reactor. The egg hatches.

Man
Th, that light just now......
The condor......
The eggs......
What!?
Would you go outside and see what it was?

Cid goes outside to investigate. He picks up the Phoenix materia and watches the hatchling condor fly off. Cid goes back inside.

Man
Gone...
Be sure and report to my father, too.
Oh, it's you. Thanks a lot.

Cid goes down to report to the father.

Man with Hat
Everyone, thanks. I really mean it. Thanks.
Although there isn't anything we can give you, we'll make sure you can stop in and stay any time, so be sure to drop by.
Yes, yes, and there's one thing I forgot to tell you......

Received key item "Huge Materia"!

Cid
Huh? What's this?

    Barret
    Damn man, it's Huge Materia.

    Yuffie
    Gotta have that materia!

    Cait Sith
    Hmm, you mean this?

    Vincent
    This is......

Man with Hat
The truth is, this is the materia inside the reactor.

Cid
What the hell did we fight for?

Man with Hat
We weren't protectin' the reactor, we were protectin' the condors.
When that reactor was built, they forced us to help. That's how we knew what was inside the reactor.
I knew this day would come, so after the Shinra left, I sneaked in and took the materia.
I didn't mean to fool you, but I guess that's how it ended up. I'm really sorry.

Cid
Just forget about it. Anyway, we're still alive.

Man with Hat
I see. If you put it that way...... we're really grateful.

Cid
So the last Huge Materia that Shinra's after's in the underwater reactor in Junon?

    Barret
    We gotta get there first and beat 'em no matter what!

    Nanaki
    We must get there before them and stop them!

    Yuffie
    We gotta get there and stop 'em...

    Vincent
    Getting to the reactor before them...

Cid
But ya know, Shinra's probably on high alert since we always mess with 'em.
How 'bout we take a break and go see that little fella for a bit?

    Barret
    You mus' mean Cloud......

    Nanaki
    You mean, Cloud...?

    Yuffie
    Cloud, right...?

    Cait Sith
    You must mean Mr. Cloud......

Cid
Yeah, I'm worried 'bout Tifa; she may've collapsed takin' care of the guy.
How 'bout checkin' in on 'em! Down to Mideel!

If the party loses the battle...

Cid comes back inside the shack and falls over.

Man
...... Even if you could only spare them......

The party comes to at the bottom of Fort Condor and slowly gets up.

Cid
God! What the hell happened here!?

    Barret
    He's still alive.

    Nanaki
    Where are we?

    Yuffie
    Oh good, they're still alive.

    Cait Sith
    Oy! What on earth happened?

    Vincent
    Seems like we survived.

Cid
Damn!! I can't stand this!

    Barret
    Oh man...... You look like hell.

    Nanaki
    ......not enough strength.

    Yuffie
    Well, I'm just glad we're all alive.

    Cait Sith
    Things sure don't go smoothly.

    Vincent
    We might have understimated the situation.

Cid
This ain't no joke, Jack.

    Barret
    Oh man, this is real bad.

    Nanaki
    Things don't seem too favorable.

    Yuffie
    I told you I'm not kidding!

    Cait Sith
    It'd be one thing if it was a joke, but this's the truth.

    Vincent
    This is a rather harsh reality.

Cid
It's Huge Materia that the Shinra's after...... The only one left is in the underwater reactor in Junon.

    Barret
    We gotta get there first and protect it!!

    Nanaki
    We must get there first and stop them.

    Yuffie
    We got to get there first and stop them......

    Vincent
    We've got to get there first and stop them.

Cid
Yeah, but ever since we got in their way the last time, they should've gotten a little more cautious.
I doubt they'll fly right into action. I'm more concerned about him that anything else.

    Barret
    Cloud, it's you......

    Nanaki
    Yes, it's you Cloud......

    Yuffie
    It is you Cloud......

    Cait Sith
    Cloud......

    Vincent
    Cloud, it's you......

Cid
Yeah, and I'm worried that even Tifa's gonna fall over on her butt.
Let's go back and see what's happening?...... to Mideel...

The others nod.

< North Corel | Fort Condor | Mideel >

Back to Script




    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Mideel - Inside Cloud's Mind
At the Clinic
Inside Cloud's Mind :: Nibelheim - Beyond the Mountain - The Truth
Out of the Lifestream
The Aftermath in Mideel

Old Man at Entrance
Ahoy! This here's Mideel. A quiet Hot Springs town... At least it used to be...
Lately the sea's been in a tizzy. Lifestream has been mixin' things up at the bottom of the ocean.
I think the planet's pretty angry too. We've pretty much done whatever we've wanted to the planet up till now.

Woman
It's bad enough with earthquakes and Meteor, but on top of all that now the Lifestream has become active again, too.
I hope it doesn't blow and cause a panic like it did before. That was really bad, I tell ya.

If you obtained and used the Beat-up Useless Old Key as Tifa...

In the Weapons Shop, Cid inspects the door.

Cid
Damn, why the hell did they make something tricky like this?

If you did not obtain the Beat-up Useless Old Key...

Walking over the key, there is a clinking noise.

Cid
Huh...? The hell's this?
Looks like a key but it's stuck way down inside, and I can't get it out.
Well, what the hell? That's life...

In the Weapons Shop, Cid kicks the door.

Cid
No good... Someone must've locked it.

He returns to the key.

Cid
Okay, there's gotta be a way to get it out.
Maybe if I move this a bit...... and push that over...... HAH! Gotcha!

Or, if he didn't notice the key earlier:

Hey......what's that? Looks like a key but it's stuck way down inside and

Received a "Beat-up Useless Old Key"!

Back to the Weapons Shop, Cid again inspects the door...

Cid
Hey, I know what'll do it... Let's try that beat up old key!
- Use the beat up old key!
- Forget it

Use the beat up old key!

Yeah, this is it.
Huh? Wha...? Won't turn...
Wha......!?
Hoo, *&%$^% Busted it... Can't get the damn thing out...

Shopkeeper
Is something wrong......?

Cid
Ulp!!
Oh, uh, no, uh I......
Damn, this's bad...
- What the hell... lie!
- Just apologize and get it over with!

What the hell... lie!

Er, nothin'. Hah, hah. That's one nice door you got there, y'know.

Shopkeeper
Oh... why, thank you very much.

Cid
Phew... that was a close one. But I kinda feel a little bad about that one......

Cid looks at the door.

............ The key's broken off inside, and I can't get to it......
............ I don't know a thing about it...

Just apologize and get it over with!

Mmm..., sorry! I twisted the ^%$#^ and broke it.

Shopkeeper
Huh? Key? You mean the one to that door?

Cid nods.

Shopkeeper
Hah, hah, hah! That's a good one!

Cid
???

Shopkeeper
Of course there's no key. It's a wall. We just painted a door on it.

Cid
Say what? You drew that door on the wall?

Shopkeeper
That's right. We drew it on there to make it feel like you could pass through it to another world.
Sorry to have surprised you. It's not much of an apology, but please take this.

Cid
Oh, uh... well Thanks.

Cid and the others received "Cursed Ring"!

Shopkeeper
If possible, we're hoping to pass through a dream door like that one into another world
I got the feeling that you all might be able to make my dreams come true in my place. Weird, isn't it?

Forget it

Naw, forget it... It doesn't even look like it fits.

Inside a house...

Old Man Playing with Dog
I gotta feelin' something bad's gonna happen. Is it gonna be okay?
I'm all right. I've lived a long, full life.
But I'm worried about my son and his family living in that far-off town...
I hope they're safe...

Cid takes the elixir on his bed and starts for the door.

Old Man Playing with Dog
Wait a minute.
Did you take something just now?

Cid jumps.

Cid
Uh, oh. I'm......
- Yeah, I took it old man!
- Don't know nothin' 'bout it!

Yeah, I took it old man!

Hey, it's mine now! An' I'll make good use of it, believe-you-me!

Old Man Playing with Dog
Heh, heh. What an oddball. We'll let him use it.

Cid
Hey thanks. It'll help, pops!

Don't know nothin' 'bout it!

Wh, wh-huh...? I don't know nuthin' about that.

Old Man Playing with Dog
What the hell happened to the rotten old elixir I was gonna throw out?
If someone took that by mistake it'll do more than make them sick...
Well, if you don't know then I guess you don't know.

Cid
...............

Back outside...

Old Man
So how is the boy? Poor kid. He sure got the worst of whatever it was......
Sure hope he gets better soon. Right now is when he really needs to hold on and not give up.

Bald Man
It's amazing he recovered. When they carried him here after they first discovered him, I thought for sure he was a goner.
That boy must have one powerful guardian angel watchin' over him.

At the clinic...

Doctor
I'm sorry...... But your friend's condition remains unchanged......
You'll have to be patient and wait this out. These things take time. Just like fine wine, time is of the essence.

Nurse (after the North Corel mission)
Oh, hello. She always stays right by his side. She must really love him.
Remember, even at a time like this you can never give up hope. You've got to be strong like her.

Nurse (after the Fort Condor mission)
She's finally beginning to look a little tired... I hope she's all right.
No change in his condition, and still she stays there doing her best. It must be tough on her.
If she keeps this up she'll probably get sick......

Nurse
Well anyhow...... Hey, you all look terrible. Why don't you rest up for a while?

Cid and the others rest whether they want to or not.

OK! Perfect! Well then, take care.

Cloud
uh...... a...... aah......
.........What...... What number...... am I?
Uh...... aaa......?
A billion mirror fragments...... small...... light......
taken...... angel's...... singing voices............ zeno...... gias......
Uh...... aaa......?

Tifa (after the North Corel mission)
Cloud...... I don't understand a word he's saying......
I'm such a fool...... I thought there was something that I could do for him......

Tifa (after the Fort Condor mission)
......it's no use...... I don't understand a thing, Cloud.
What should I do......? What if you never recover for the rest of your life?

The ground starts shaking and Tifa falls down.

Tifa
Eyaaah!?

Cloud
......They're...... They're...... coming......!!

Cid
What did you say, Cloud!?

Cloud
Uh...... aaa......?

Cid
Damn. What the hell's goin' on!?

Tifa
No way...... Is this......!?

Doctor
This isn't good!! It's big!

Nurse
Eyaaah! I hate earthquakes!!

Cid goes outside.

Cid
What's this...!?
The Lifestream is gushing up from below the surface of the earth!
Damn, that's......!? This is bad......!!

Tifa (at the door)
Cid......!? What's wrong?

Cid
N, nothin'!! You and Cloud get inside quick!!

Tifa
But I......!?

Cid
Hey, don't worry about a thing. I ain't about to die that easily.

Tifa
Be careful...!

Cid
Okay, here I go! Watch this!!

Cid and the others get ready to fight.

Cid
Damn!! That &%$^%$ Weapon!!
Of all the times to show up......!
OK then, come on!! You &$^%$!

Ultima Weapon flies down to meet them. After a short battle, it flies off again.

Cid
You &^$#&$#! You tryin' to escape?

The quaking abates, and they all relax.

    Barret
    Damn, man. Just a little bit more an' I woulda smashed him......

    Nanaki
    Just a little more and I would have beaten him.

    Yuffie
    I swear, next time, that guy's dead meat!

    Cait Sith
    No matter how many lives I get, it ain't enough!

    Vincent
    Hmm...... Looks like escape is their best skill.

    Barret
    Looks like the Lifestream's settled down now too.

    Nanaki
    It looks like the Lifestream has settled as well.

    Yuffie
    Well at least the Lifestream's back to normal.

    Cait Sith
    Looks like the Lifestream's back under control too.

    Vincent
    And the Lifestream also appears to be normal.

The quaking starts up again.

Cid
Damn, you gotta be kiddin'......!!
Th, this's bad......! The main stream is kickin' up!!
Somethin' way bigger than that last one is on its way!!
No good!! Get outta here......!!

    Nanaki
    But what about Tifa and Cloud!?

    Yuffie
    But what about Tifa and Cloud......!?

    Cait Sith
    But what about Cloud and the others......!?

Cid
Goddammit!!
You don't have time to worry about anyone other than yourself! You don't know when that stream'll blow......
Whoa!!
There's no time, hurry!!

They run off. Cid turns back momentarily.

Cid
Tifa!! Cloud!! Get outta here!!

Back to Tifa in the clinic...

Tifa
This is bad...... The tremors are getting worse.
Wait a minute, Cloud.
Doctor! Shouldn't we move him somewhere rather than stay here...?

Doctor
Hmm...... It might be safer to take refuge in a wide open space.

Tifa
Don't you worry about a thing, Cloud......
I'll see to it that you get somewhere safe!

Doctor
No! The structure can't take it!! Hurry!

Tifa
Yes!
Ready Cloud? We're leaving now!!

She pushes Cloud out of the clinic on the wheelchair as the ground lifts up and falls into the Lifestream behind them. She isn't fast enough, and she and Cloud both fall into the Lifestream. Tifa wakes, sitting alone in the middle of a black nothing.

Tifa
Wh, where am I......? what's happening? I......?

She gets to her feet and looks around.

Where's Cloud......!? Cloud, where are you!?

Faint noises start up in the background, like static on a radio.

Tifa
Huh...... what......? Who......?
Who is it......? I can't hear......

Suddenly she turns around.

Wait a minute......! I don't know anything about that!
No! It's not me......! I'd never do anything like that!!

She puts her hands to her head.

No! Stop it......!! Stay back!

She starts running.

Somebody...... help! Please!!

The sounds grow louder and she falls to her knees.

Tifa
Cloud, help me!!
Eyaaaaghh......!!

Tifa comes to in a sort of nexus with three branches. An image of Cloud sits at the entrance to each of them.

Tifa
............ Where am I......?

She looks up to where there is another Cloud clutching his head and writhing in pain.

Cloud!?
What is it, Cloud? What is this......!?
Is this the inside of your dreams? Or is it...... your...... subconscious......?
You're searching, aren't you Cloud?
Searching...... for yourself......
I can help too. We'll work together to try and get the real you back!
But...... Where do we start......?

Tifa walks up to the Cloud near the gates to Nibelheim.

Cloud
The gates of Nibelheim... Five years ago, Sephiroth passed through these gates......
And...... That's how it all started......

Tifa
It connects...... to Nibelheim......?
That's right... It's probably best to start from there......
Let's go have a look, Cloud. I know it's not easy...... But I'll be right with you......

Tifa walks up to Nibelheim.

Tifa
Cloud... look.
Here's the well...
And that's Gramps' Inn, too.
The only truck in town. It's been here since we were little kids, right?
This is the Nibelheim you remember, right?
It's the same as my Nibelheim. That's why this place is...... our Nibelheim.

Cloud appears sitting near the truck.

Tifa
Five Years ago... two men from SOLDIER came...
Sephiroth and...... a young and vibrant soldier.
Can you tell me again what happened?

Sephiroth appears and turns to talk to someone behind him.

Sephiroth
How does it feel?

Tifa
Five Years ago... I saw the real Sephiroth for the very first time.

Sephiroth
It's your first time back to your hometown in a long time, right?
So how does it feel?
I wouldn't know because I don't have a hometown...

Cloud
Ummm... how 'bout your parents?

Tifa
So this is... the Great Sephiroth.

Sephiroth
My mother is Jenova. She died right after she gave birth to me. My father...

Tifa
But to tell you the truth, I thought he was very cold.

Sephiroth
What does it matter...?
All right, let's go.

Tifa
I remember, I felt a foreboding about him.

She watches as Cloud and the two soldiers enter the village. The Cloud-image moves to stand with his flashback self. Tifa shakes her head.

Tifa
No, Cloud.
I've been hiding it for some time, afraid that if I told you... something terrible might happen.
But, I'm not going to hide anything anymore.

Sephiroth and the soldiers disappear.

Tifa
You weren't here. Cloud did not come to Nibelheim five years ago.

A flash. A 15-year-old Tifa sits waiting just past the gate.

Tifa
I... waited. But, Cloud... never came.
The two that were ordered here were Sephiroth and another person...

The young Tifa gets up to see who's coming. She shakes her head and runs off.

Sephiroth
All right, let's go.

The two soldiers enter, along with Zack. Fade to white.

Cloud
You mean that member of SOLDIER who came with Sephiroth wasn't...... Cloud......?

Tifa
There's nothing...... I can say......
You must find the answer yourself......
If you can't...... Then you......
Take your time, Cloud. Slowly...... little by little, okay?

The Cloud-image sits down. Tifa walks to the second Cloud, who sits in front of the well.

Cloud
That starry night at the well...... And our promise that night... What if the memory was just a lie?

Tifa
Don't hurry, Cloud...... Don't answer too quickly.
Just keep checking all those small emotions and it'll come back...... Slowly...... little by little.......
Right... like the sky that night...... the heavens were filled with stars......

Fade to black.

Tifa
From the beginning... OK?

A starlit Nibelheim fades into view. Cloud and Tifa stand on the well.

Tifa
Try and remember, Cloud.

A young Cloud and Tifa appear sitting at the well.

Tifa
Right, I was wearing these clothes.
That's you, too. You were so small then......

She sits down beside her younger self and looks over at Cloud.

...and cute.
Sephiroth once said...
Cloud made up his memories by listening to my stories...
Did you imagine this sky? No, you remembered it.
That night the stars were gorgeous. It was just Cloud and I. We talked at the well...
That's why I continued to believe that you were the real Cloud.
I still believe you're the Cloud from Nibelheim...
But you don't believe in yourself...
These memories aren't enough.

Fade to white. They return to the nexus.

Tifa
Cloud, what about your other memories?
No, not memories.
A memory is something that has to be consciously recalled, right?
That's why sometimes it can be mistaken and a different thing......
But it's different from a memory locked deep within your heart......
That's why it must be a fake. If he could recall up that memory......
That's it! What about some memory that has to do with me?
I say something and you don't remember it......
But you say something, and I remember it, too... Then we'll know that's our memory......
Talk to me. About anything, some important memory to you...
Now that you mention it, why did you want to join SOLDIER in the first place?
I always thought it was a sudden decision you made......

......I was devastated. ......I wanted to be noticed.

Cloud
......I was devastated. ......I wanted to be noticed.
I thought if I got stronger I could get someone to notice......

Tifa
Someone to notice you...? ......who?

Who......? ......You know who! ......You, that's who.

Cloud
You......

Tifa
......Me? Why!?

Little Cloud
Tifa...... did you forget...... about those days?

Tifa turns to look as a much younger Cloud appears.

Tifa
Look...... I......
I'm sorry...... But what are you talking about?

Little Cloud
No...... it's all right. You were having a hard time back then.
You were so busy with your own things, it's only natural you don't remember me back then.

Tifa walks over to join him.

Tifa
'Back then'?

Little Cloud
It's important to me...... I hate to say it but... It's a very important memory......
Do you want to see it?
Come on, hurry.

Tifa goes over to talk to the third and final Cloud.

Cloud
......a sealed up secret...... wish......
Tender memories...... no one can ever know......

He steps aside to let Tifa and little Cloud pass.

Little Cloud
Do you know where this window goes to, Tifa?
Fine...... I'll go.

They look through the window into Tifa's room.

Tifa
My room?

Cloud
It was my first time there.

Tifa
Was... it?

Cloud
I only used to look up at it from outside.

A flash, and a young Tifa is sitting in the corner with a trio of boys around her.

Boy
Hey, look!
Cloud's coming!

Out the window, they see Cloud approach the house.

Boy
You think he wants to come in?

Tifa looks up and shakes her head.

Tifa
Was that the first day you came into my room?
...that's right.
We lived next to each other.
But I really didn't know you that well.
I've known you since we were children and always thought we were close...
Now that you mention it... I don't recall you ever being in my room...

Cloud
Tifa always used to be with this three-some.

Tifa
...That's right.

Cloud
I used to think... they were all stupid.

Tifa
What!?

Cloud
You were all childish, laughing at every little stupid thing.

Tifa
But we were children, back then.

Cloud
...I know. I'm the one that was stupid.
I really wanted to play with everyone, but I was never allowed into the group.
Then later... I began to think I was different...
That I was different from those immature kids.
That then... maybe...

Just maybe, they would invite me in.
I thought that might happen, so I hung around...

Cloud
I was so prejudiced. And... weak.

That night I called Tifa out to the well...
I thought to myself Tifa would never come... that she hated me.

Tifa
Yeah... it was so sudden. I was... a bit surprised.
But...
It's true that we weren't THAT close, but...
After you left town, I really thought about you a lot.
I used to wonder how Cloud was doing.
I wonder if Cloud was able to get into SOLDIER?
I started reading the newspapers, thinking that there might be an article about you.

Cloud
Thanks, Tifa.
Tell him what you told me, later. He'll probably be so happy.

Tifa
OK!
Huh?
What happened on this day? Was it a special day?

Cloud
This was the day...

Tifa's mother...

Fade to white.

Tifa
The day Mom died...

Back to the young Tifa in the corner.

Tifa
I want... to see... mom...

She gets to her feet, leaves her house, and runs to the base of Mt. Nibel.

...I wonder if there's anything beyond that mountain?

Boys
Mt. Nibel is scary. Many people have died there.
No one crosses that mountain alive...

Tifa
How 'bout those that died?
Did mama pass through the mountains?

She starts down the path.

I'm going!

The three boys watch her. Two start after her, but the third runs back down the path. Cloud runs up in time to watch him go, then starts after Tifa. When the kids reach the bridge, the other two run back. Cloud steps aside to let them past, then follows Tifa across the bridge. Later... Young Tifa and Cloud lie on the ground, having fallen from the mountain.

Cloud
I don't remember the path I walked.
Tifa missed her step. I ran to her... but didn't make it in time.
Both of us fell off the cliff.
Back then, I only scarred my knees but......

Tifa's father and another man run up to the pair. The other man gathers Tifa while Tifa's father stands over Cloud shaking a finger.

Tifa's Father
Cloud! Why'd you bring Tifa to a place like this!
What the hell's the matter with you!?
What if she dies!?

Everyone walks off, leaving Cloud behind.

Cloud
Tifa was in a coma for seven days.
We all thought she wouldn't make it.
If only I could've saved her...
I was so angry... Angry at myself for my weakness.
Ever since then, I felt Tifa blamed me...
I got out of control... I'd get into fights not even caring who it was.

Fade to black.

Cloud
That was the first time I heard about Sephiroth.
If I got strong like Sephiroth, then everyone might...

They return to the nexus.

Cloud
If I could just get stronger...... Then even Tifa would have to notice me......

Tifa
So that was it......
Sorry, Cloud.
If I had only remembered more clearly what happened, I could have done something sooner......

Cloud
It's not your fault, Tifa.

Tifa
But, I remember back when we were eight!
That's it! Now I know!
You weren't created five years ago.
My childhood memories weren't all made up!
Hang in there Cloud! Just a little longer! You've almost found the real you!
Let's go back to Nibelheim again......!

Cloud runs off to the gates of Nibelheim and Tifa follows.

Cloud
The truth is right there. We almost have the answer right in the palm of our hands.

They run through Nibelheim. Tifa stops as they pass Cloud's house.

Tifa
Cloud, wait.
Where are you going?

Cloud
......The reactor......?
To the reactor! The Mako reactor of five years ago!

In the reactor, Tifa attacks Sephiroth. He cuts her and she flies back down the stairs just as Zack runs in.

Tifa
Hey! It's Cloud!

Sephiroth turns into the Jenova chamber.

Cloud
Za...... ck...... Zac......k. Zack...

Tifa
You remembered!!

Zack runs after Sephiroth.

Tifa
That's right! It was Zack who came to Nibelheim with Sephiroth!
Then, where were you, Cloud?

Zack flies back out of Jenova's chamber, slamming into one of the pods and not moving.

Tifa
Cloud... Did you... see it all?

Cloud
I saw... everything...

A masked soldier runs in and takes Zack's sword. He runs up the steps to the Jenova chamber, goes up to Sephiroth and stabs him from behind.

Sephiroth
Aaarrrgh...... who... who are you?

Soldier
Mom... Tifa...... my town... give it back...
I had so much respect for you... I admired you...

Tifa
Cloud!?

After backing down from Jenova, the soldier pulls off his mask to reveal spiky blond hair.

Tifa
That's what happened...
...You were there.
You were watching me.
Yeah, I remember.
Hmm... so it was you.

The scene cuts to the truck heading for Nibelheim. Rain pounds outside.

Zack
Hey Cloud, if you're feeling sick, why don't you take that mask off?

Cloud
Yeah......

Cloud
Yeah. This is... me.
I... never made it as a member of SOLDIER.
I even left my hometown telling everyone I was going to join, but...
I was so embarrassed. I didn't want to see anyone.

Entering Nibelheim, Cloud sees Tifa, and turns away to put his mask back on. Zack looks at him sympathetically. Tifa stands up, not seeing Cloud, shakes her head, and runs away.

Sephiroth
How does it feel?
It's your first time back to your hometown in a long time, right?

Cloud
I'm...

While Nibelheim is burning, the soldier lying on the ground twitches and struggles to get up. At the reactor, Cloud runs from Jenova's chamber to help Tifa.

Tifa
You came. You kept your promise.
So you really did come when I was in trouble!

Cloud
Sorry... I didn't get there... fast enough...

Tifa
It's all right... Cloud.

Sephiroth comes out of Jenova's chamber, sword in one hand, Jenova's head in the other.

Sephiroth
Just like you.

He limps down the stairs, pauses to look at Jenova's head, and continues out of the reactor's main chamber. Cloud gets up and starts after him.

Zack
Cloud... Kill Sephiroth...

Cloud runs off, confronting Sephiroth on the bridge over the Mako pit.

Cloud
Sephiroth!!

Sephiroth turns smoothly and impales him on the Masamune.

Sephiroth
Don't... push... your luck.

He lifts Cloud on the sword. Cloud looks down and grabs the end of the blade.

Sephiroth
...It can't be!

Cloud manages to get his feet back on the platform, lifts up Sephiroth, and flings him aside into the Mako pit.

Cloud and Tifa return to the nexus.

Tifa
Cloud......

Cloud
Then... this is goodbye, Tifa. Until we meet again......

All the Clouds get to their feet.

Tifa
............!?

The Clouds meet in the center of the nexus and join one by one. The writhing Cloud comes down from above to join them. Cloud falls to the ground, and Tifa crouches next to him.

Tifa
Cloud!!

Cloud
Uh...... Ah, Uh......!

He solidifies and sits up.

Uh...... Tifa......

Tifa
Oh, Cloud......! It's really you, isn't it?

Cloud
Yeah...... Tifa...... We finally...... meet again......

They both get to their feet.

Tifa
You stupid jerk!! You had us all worried sick!!

Cloud collapses again, clutching his head.

Cloud
Krgh......!

Tifa
Cloud!? Are you all right!?

Cloud
V, voice...... Their......

Tifa
I see. We're... in the Lifestream aren't we?
Everyone's waiting.
Let's go back, Cloud. Back to everyone......

Cloud
Yeah, I guess so... Come on, Tifa. Let's go home......

Together they swim upward out of the Lifestream.

Tifa comes to just outside what used to be Mideel. Everyone is gathered around her and Cloud.

Barret
Yo! You awright!? Tifa!?

Tifa
u... unn......?

She props herself up on an arm.

Barret... You came back. I......
Cloud... Where is he?

Barret
Don't worry about him. He's a tough one.

Tifa
Barret...... I...... When I was in the Lifestream I saw the real Cloud.
I mean, I didn't really find him. Cloud found himself on his own...

Barret
Awright, I know... I shouldn't have doubted him.
But I can't win against you. You're some kinda lady.

Tifa lies back.

Tifa
People have so many things pent up inside of themselves...
And they can forget so many things......
Strange...... isn't it............

Barret
Yo, Tifa! Snap outta it!!
Tifa......!?

Back on the Highwind, everyone is gathered in the Operations Room.

Cloud
Everyone...... I'm sorry. I don't know what to say......

Nanaki
Don't say anything, Cloud. All you've been doing is apologizing.

Cloud
I never was in SOLDIER.
I made up the stories about what happened to me five years ago, about being in SOLDIER.
I left my village looking for glory, but never made it in to SOLDIER......
I was so ashamed of being so weak; then I heard this story from my friend Zack...
And I created an illusion of myself made up of what I had seen in my life......
And I continued to play the charade as if it were true.

Barret
Illusion, huh...? Pretty damn strong for a 'lusion, I'd say.

Cloud
I'm physically built like someone in SOLDIER.
Hojo's plan to clone Sephiroth wasn't that difficult.
It was just the same procedure they use when creating members of SOLDIER.
You see, someone in SOLDIER isn't simply exposed to Mako energy.
Their bodies are actually injected with Jenova cells......
For better or worse, only the strong can enter SOLDIER.
It has nothing to do with the Jenova Reunion.
But weak people...... like me, get lost in the whole thing.
The combination of Jenova cells, Sephiroth's strong will, and my own weakness are what created me.
Everyone knew that. I'm...... Cloud.
......the master of my own illusionary world.
But I can't remain trapped in an illusion any more......
I'm going to live my life without pretending.

Tifa
You're sure messed up, Cloud!

Barret
That means there ain't no difference from before!

Cloud scratches his head.

Cait Sith
By the way, Cloud. What are you going to do now?
Don't tell me you're going to leave the ship?

Cloud
......I'm the reason why Meteor is falling towards us.
That's why I have to do everything in my power to fight this thing.

Barret
Good!! Then you're gonna keep fightin' to save the planet!?

Cloud
It's like you always told me, Barret.

Barret
Oh, uh, you mean that!

Nanaki
What? I don't understand!

Cloud
There ain't no gettin' offa this train we on!

Tifa
There ain't no gettin' offa this train we on!

Barret
The train we on don't make no stops!

Everyone laughs and runs out, Barret chasing after them, leaving Cloud behind.

Crew Member
Oh...... oh...... Cloud......

Cloud turns for the door.

Crew Member
Cloud, I was deeply moved by your story!
I'm really a weak person and so I could really understand how you feel, Cloud!
No one knows when fighting will begin. But let's get ready!

On the bridge...

Cait Sith
Listen, Cloud.
We're right in the middle of the mission for the Huge Materia, right?
I know this's kinda outta the blue, but there's a underwater reactor at Junon.
As far as I can see, that's the only one left.
That's that. Let's go!

Barret
C'mon, Cloud! Don't #&$* around!
We're goin' to Junon, boyeee!!

Tifa
Let's do our best, Cloud!

Nanaki
I'm glad you're back with us!

Cait Sith
This's kinda on the spur o' the moment, but shouldn't we oughta get to Junon!?

Vincent
Escape from a world of illusions... Hmph... I wonder which is better...?

Cid
I know how tough it is bein' a leader, because I've been one.
I always forget who has what materia.

Yuffie
Huh?
How would you even know? You don't know how tough it is... getting sick on boats and rides......
So, please...... just leave me alone.

Cloud
......I really do understand, Yuffie. When I get sick on a flight, it's a real killer.
When I was in SOLDIER, I completely forgot about my motion sickness.

Yuffie
Oh......
Isn't there any way to prevent this?

Cloud
Well, according to my research......
First off, if you're nervous a lot, you won't get sick.
But you can't always be nervous.
With this much space, your best bet is to move around while you're riding.
It also might be a good idea to stretch sometimes, too.
But in SOLDIER, we spent a lot of time in trucks.
That sucked!......
And there's one thing you mustn't do when riding.
And that is......
Read!
Once you get sick, there's nothing anyone can do.
I know it's tough......

Yuffie
......so you're a little better off than me.
But I don't feel...... well.
Where's the next stop? Can't you get there any quicker?
Cloud, put me in your party, so I can get off this ship.

Learner Pilot (L8)
Wanna Go?

Cloud
- Yes
- No

Going back to Mideel in ruins...

Old Man at Entrance
Ahoy! This here's Mideel. As you can see, this used to be a quiet hot springs town.
Everything's gone now but in a way, I'm kinda glad everything's cleaned out. Feels better this way, ho, ho.

Bald Man
Hey, you feelin' all better now? That's good, real good.
Now don't overdo yourself like that again, hear?

He turns to survey what's left of the town.

But isn't the Lifestream a strange thing?
When I die, I wonder if I'll flow along in the middle of a warm gentle stream like this......?

Shopper
Hee, hee. Welcome. It's here. The day's finally come! Your day to shop!!
Do we have items and weapons!? Well, I should say so. And here's a bargain! What would you say to 50% off everything?
Just kidding. Even I wouldn't do something like that. Now what can I do for you today?
Thank you. Come again!

Doctor
Hmphf? You...!? How did you recover from your Mako poisoning?
This is absolutely amazing...... I am so glad for you! Looks like your friends' wishes came true.
You can see for yourself what things look like, but at least no one was seriously hurt. We're just very unhappy now.

Nurse
You probably don't remember, but you know that girl that watched over you for so long when you were sick?
You'd better take care of her. If you don't, you'll be sorry. Believe you me!
Well anyhow...... Hey, you all look terrible. Why don't you rest up for a while?

Cloud and the others rest.

OK! Perfect! Well then, take care.

Item Shopkeeper
Welcome! We always welcome cash! What can I do for you today?
I'm sorry. Our stock isn't so great now... But that's just the way it is here.
If you're looking for other items, why don't you check out the other stores?

Girl in Blue
Have you seen my husband? He disappeared during the big earthquake and I haven't seen him since.
I thought he'd be in the store......
You don't think he got through that door and went to another country on the other side, do you?
That's all just a dream...... Nothing like that could ever really happen. Heh...

Materia Shopkeeper
Welcome. Just what you need at time like this--a shop of rest and relaxation. What you want?
Thank you! We don't have many goods but you coming again, please.

Girl
Oh great. Now I've got to find another job......
I guess I might as well make my side job as an accessory seller into my regular job.
Well, since you're already here, why don't you buy something to take back with you?
Thank you. Stop by again.

< Fort Condor | Mideel | Junon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Junon - Huge Materia
Lower Junon
The Underwater Reactor
Stealing a Submarine
Back in Junon
Gelnika

Cloud and the others arrive at lower Junon.

Woman
They say Shinra's gathering Huge Materia from around the world and bringing it to Junon.
Bringing it to Junon must mean they want to use their airplanes.
I've noticed there's been a lot of Shinra ships recently. I think they're going to the off-shore Underwater Reactor.
Isn't Shinra trying to transport the Reactor's Huge Materia?

Older Man
I remember years ago, seein' the Shinra build a long pipe underwater.
The underwater reactor is connected to Junon by a pipe.
You should be able to get to the reactor through it.

Priscilla
Who are you---?
Cloud!!
Stupid jerk! Look how much you made me worry!! Were you at the Lifestream?

Cloud
Yeah, that's right.

Priscilla
You've gotta be more careful! Because you're going to marry me one day.

Soldier by Elevator
If you want to get on the elevator that badly, give me 10 gil!

Cloud
- Okay, I guess

Soldier by Elevator
Hurry up and get in!

Cloud takes the elevator to Upper Junon.

Soldier on the Path to the Airport
The Shinra's collecting Huge Materia at the Junon Undersea Reactor!
When they're done, they'll bring it to this airport.
Get out of here before you get in the way!
What... me? I'm gonna be watching from here, so that I don't get in their way either!

Cloud runs outside to the airport.

Soldier
After they get it, they'll take it to the airport and will transport it to Rocket Town by Gelnika. Don't let your guard down!

Soldier 2
They've finally started collecting the Huge Materia from the Junon Underwater Reactor.

Cloud leaves the base and starts down the street, then stops and turns to his companions.

Cloud
I may be mistaken, but...... Doesn't it feel like we're missing something?

Cloud and the others continue on. On the way to the reactor, they come across a commander drilling his soldiers.

Commander
All right!! Let's see how hard you trained!
Attention! Charge--!!

The soldiers all charge in the opposite direction.

Commander
He... hey--!! That's the Underwater Reactor!! Come back!!

Cloud gets on the first elevator with two soldiers and a redhead.

Soldier
How 'bout, whoever stays alive, gets to take her out?

Soldier 2
All right, you're on!!
But... What if both of us...

Soldier
Whoa!! Don't even talk about that!

Cloud defeats both of them.

Redhead
...gulp... (Great... there went two perfectly good men!)

The elevator reaches the lower floor.

Soldier 3
OK! Back to work!! Back to work!!

Soldier 4
Yawn... I'm sleepy!!

Soldier 3
For Junon!!

Cloud and the others continue on down another elevator and through the underwater pipe to the reactor.

Soldiers in Reactor
You, you're Cloud!!
You are NOT getting this Huge Materia!!
So you WERE after the Huge Materia!

Cloud and the others reach where the Huge Materia is stored.

Cloud
!? The Huge Materia!

They watch as a machine arm reaches down and pulls out the materia.

Yuffie
Hey! A Crane Game!

Barret
Damn, just missed it!

Vincent
We were a little late...

Cid
That's what you think! ^%$@#&$#!

Tifa
They're gonna take it on that submarine!

Nanaki
If we take a short cut, we might just make it......!

Cait Sith
There's the submarine dock just ahead of us.

They run to the submarine docks. Reno is standing with his back to them, supervising.

Cloud
Did we make it!?

He watches as the Huge Materia is lowered into the red submarine.

Reno
What are you doing? Help load.

He turns around.

Cloud!?

Nanaki
Help?

Barret
We're gonna help transport the Huge Materia... Reno!

Yuffie
I'm SURE! You want me to do manual labor?

Cid
You know I don't work for cheap!

Vincent
I refuse...

Tifa
Looks like we barely made it.

Cloud
Either give it to us or else.
...which is it gonna be?

Reno
Unfortunately, I don't have time to deal with you.
My priority is the Huge Materia!

He runs off, leaving Cloud and the others to fight a robot. After the battle, they find the red sub has already left.

Cloud
Damn! The submarine!

Yuffie
!? The Huge Materia!

Barret
Damn! So they was just buyin' time!?

Tifa
We have to go after it!

Nanaki
But it's already in the water!

Cait Sith
It left the dock!

Vincent
There is one way...

Cid
Hold on to your horses! Let's get it from them!!

They run for the other submarine, and the soldiers on board turn frantic.

Soldiers
Y, you...!
You're not taking over this ship!

They defeat the soldiers and get on board.

Soldiers
You want the Sub? Just try an' take it!
Um... sir! Maybe we shouldn't piss them off...

They fight off these soldiers, too.

Barret
Come on, Cloud! Follow me!
Damn, man!! ......what the...?
Hey yo! Remember I was the leader first, man!
Yo! We come a long ways since we got on that train!
Lotsa things changed! This and that.

They enter the bridge.

Commander
NO, NO!! This is terrible!

Soldiers
We don't have much time left! I don't want to die!
There's still so much more I've got to do!
I never even got to do my special victory dance in battle!

Commander
All right!! Then make this your first victory!!
Go on, show 'em!!

Soldiers
Yes, sir!!

Commander
Remember your last training. Begin!!

Soldiers
Yes, sir!!

Commander
I'm back! An' now I got no regrets!!
ATT----ACK!!

Cloud
Hmmmm...
- Fight them
- Take them prisoner

Fight them

Captain
Let me show you how it's done.

Soldier
Eyaaarrrgh!
Captain... I can't hold on any longer!
Eyaaarrrgh!

Captain
Uggh... They got me.

Soldier 2
The Special Pose...

Take them prisoner

The soldiers move aside to let Cloud and the others into the control room.

Cloud crouches down, wringing his hands. Yuffie doesn't look any better off.

Cloud
Someone... please. I'm sorry I can't take it anymore.
The lack of space, the shaking, the roar of the engine...

Barret
Stop your blubberin'!! How we gonna move this without you?

Yuffie
I... I can't... I'm history.

Cait Sith
I can't fit in this seat... No good!

Vincent
Better hurry. Reno's getting away.

Tifa, Nanaki, or Cid goes up to the control panel and presses a button.

Tifa
See!?
Just fiddle with the controls, and we'll get somewhere!
Hey Cloud? Why don't you try piloting it?
They say you don't get motion sickness if you're driving.

Nanaki
It moved!
Cloud!! Try it!

Cid
Hunka junk... just gotta do this!
SEE! Now you take over!

Cloud gets up.

Cloud
Hey, you're right... I DO feel a little better driving.
No sweat. Just leave everything to me.

Barret
Don't worry!
If it breaks down, I'll smack it one--that'll fix it!

Tifa
You can do it, Cloud!

Yuffie
I'll hold my breath, so HURRY!

Cait Sith
Oh please drive safely, Cloud!

Vincent
Shinra's technology is really something.

Cid
I'll be watchin' from here!

Soldiers
I thank you! I am happy to be a hostage!
Piloting a submarine is very difficult! I am completely clueless!

Commander
Hey! Who am I to know!

Cloud
Well, now what?
- Read the manual
- Sit in the seat
- Leave it alone

Read the manual

Submarine Operation Manual - Beginner's Edition

[Controls reference]

Mission Orders: Presently on the ocean floor near Junon, a Red Leader Submarine carrying Huge Materia is being escorted by covert Shinra Submarine Units.
Furthermore, it has been confirmed that several mines have been dispersed onto the ocean floor.
The ocean floor can only be monitored with Shinra's Sonar Radar Screen.
Enemy subs can only be detected with the Sonar area. Get in front of the detected enemy sub and "Lock On"!!
Push [] button to fire the torpedo!
The mines are found on the radar screen at the top of the indicators. The mines inflict great damage, so be careful!
Objective: Sink the Red Leader Submarine carrying the Huge Materia! Time Limit: 10 minutes!

Sit in the seat

Cloud sits down.

Cloud
Everything seems set...
- Start the mission!
This switch...?
Main screen: ON
Change the screen mode.

Leave it alone

Cloud shrugs.

Cloud and the others get on with the mission and shoot down the red leader sub.

Cloud
Phew--! We did it!!
The Huge Materia should be at the bottom of the sea by now. Let's continue the search...

...All Shinra Submarine Units, do you read...?
...All Shinra Submarine Units, do you read...?

Cloud
Hmm...? ...Must be from Shinra.

...Report, No. 2...

Barret
Is it us?

Yuffie
Oh my gawd...! They mean us.

Cait Sith
We need to respond!

Vincent
We've no choice but to respond.

Cloud
All right, I'll do it.
This is Shinra No. 2... Everything's normal.

...Roger...
...Your next mission is...
...Return to Junon Dock...
...We will transport the Huge Materia from the airport...
...Those without other assignments will report for guard duty...
That is all. Over and out...

Cloud
Junon Airport... We should make it if we hurry.
Forget about the Huge Materia for now.
We're climbing!

Tifa
Aye, aye... CAPTAIN!

Nanaki
Take o-ff!

Cid
The airport? No sweat!

They return to the surface and dock the submarine outside Junon. They hurry back to Junon.

Fisherman
It seems like there's something going on again up there.
Is that huge plane going to take off again with that deafening roar?

Older Man
I just saw some Shinra soldiers all huddled together discussing something.
They said a plane carrying Huge Materia would be taking off from the airport above.

They take the elevator to Upper Junon.

Soldier on the Path to the Airport
Finished loading the Huge Materia!
All we have to do now is to ready the cargo ship, 'Gelnika', for departure and we're done!

Cloud arrives at the airport only to watch Gelnika take off from Junon.

Cloud
Oh no! The Huge Materia...

Barret
Let's go after it!

Yuffie
Let's get there before they do and catch 'em!

Cait Sith
How 'bout us getting there beforehand and stealing it back?

Vincent
Let's go after it.

Tifa
Where are they headed?

Nanaki
Where's their destination?

Cid
Where's that thing headed?

Cloud
Rocket Town, of course.

Soldier
Whew... I hope everything goes all right until we get to Rocket Town. Then, our mission is nearly complete.

Soldier 2
Not so fast. We still have one major task... we still have to transport the stuff...

Soldier
The stuff...

Soldier on the Path to the Airport
I'm glad we got Gelnika to the Rocket Town safely.
But they sure think big. Looks like they're going to use the Huge Materia's to break up Meteor...

Cloud and the others leave Junon.

Searching the ocean floor, they find the red submarine.

Cloud
So this is the Leader Sub...
Damn...... makes me sick just thinking about it...

...Huge Materia recovered...
...no damage appears to have been sustained...

Cloud
...Phew... That's good to hear.

Received Key Item "Huge Materia"!

They also come across the sunken ship Gelnika.

Cloud
This is the Shinra's Gelnika type airplane... I wonder why it went down here?

They enter a side room.

Cloud
What is this place...? Must be some kind of a Research Establishment because there's a Mako generator?

In the hallway, they encounter the Turks.

Cloud
Turks!?

Rude
...again?

Reno
We just seem to keep running into each other lately!
There were weapons and Materia developed solely to destroy Sephiroth.

Rude
...but, it was attacked by Weapon and sunk to the bottom of the sea.

Reno
I can't give you what's here. We'll take out Sephiroth.
I guess this is our last meeting.

Rude
I won't let you get in our way.

Cloud and the others fight the Turks.

Reno
These guys are pretty tough.

He runs off.

Rude
..................

He runs off after Reno.

Cloud
So Shinra's new, secret weapon was on this Airship...

Into the room beyond...

Cloud
This must be the Cargo Room...
This is terrible... It's all messed up...

Cloud and the others salvage what they can from the Cargo Room and leave for Rocket Town.

< Mideel | Junon | Rocket Town >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Rocket Town - Huge Materia
Arrival at the Rocket
The Launch
The Huge Materia
The Escape Pod
Back on the Highwind
The Aftermath in Rocket Town

Cloud and the others arrive at Rocket Town.

Inside the inn...

Barkeeper
Seems like Palmer of Shinra, Inc. ordered soldiers to restore the rocket...

Man
Even with all this goin' on outside, that guy still won't come out of the bathroom? He must be a damn water tank!?

Back outside...

Mechanic
What's young president Rufus doing by getting all those mechanics together?

Redhead
The Shinra serious 'bout launching that piece of crap rocket? But why now...?

Old Man
There's a bunch of Shinra people here messin' with the rocket...
Is my rocket... all right?

Cloud heads for the rocket. Below, a couple stands watching.

Man
Mmmmm, a SPECTACLE.

Woman
Is something about to happen? Oh, I'm getting excited.

Soldiers
Those terrorists are here!

Cloud fights off the first two soldiers and runs up the stairs.

Soldiers
Don't let them get any further! Everyone, ATTACK---!
Urrrgh, you're not going anywhere! Uh un, nowhere!

Cloud fights off those soldiers.

If Cid is not in the party...

Cid runs up the steps to join Cloud.

Cid
Wait, Cloud!
If you're gonna kick those *#$% Shinra out of my rocket, then take me with you!
ALL RIGHT! Let's show those &$!@& Shinra!

If Cid is in the party...

Cid
Goddammit, what the hell do they think they're gonna do to my rocket!?
I'm outta here, Cloud! I'm gonna kick those $^%$# Shinra right out of my rocket!

They go on up the ladder and run into Rude of the Turks.

Rude
...you again?
...We will eliminate everyone who gets in Shinra's way.

They fight Rude.

Rude
Ugh......... gh.........
......they got us.
...hmm.

Cloud and the others enter the rocket.

Commander
You... you! Why are you here? Rude of the Turks should've been here!!

Cloud
Too bad. Those guys are over there.

Commander
Oh man... the Turks, being done in like that... But, I won't let you through!

They fight off the commander.

Commander
urrrrgh...

They continue into the cockpit, where Cid's old crew is preparing for the launch.

Cid
Hey! What the hell're you guys doin'!?

Mechanic 1
Hey! Just when I thought somethin' was goin' on, you come back!

Mechanic 3
Listen to me, Captain. We're gonna launch this rocket!

Cid
Huh? What are you talkin' 'bout?

Mechanic 2
We're gonna load a Materia bomb in this and blow up Meteor.

Mechanic 1
Our rocket's gonna save the planet!

Mechanic 2
Urrrrgh. Man this is so COOL!!

Cloud
Wait a minute!

Cid
Shut up!! Just shut the hell up!

He turns back to his crew.

How's the rocket?

Cloud turns to the other party member and shrugs.

Mechanic 1
It's pretty much OK.

Mechanic 2
But...

Mechanic 3
We planned to run it into Meteor on Auto-Pilot, but the most important device is broken.

Cid
Broken? How's the repair goin'?

Mechanic 3
Shera's doin' it...

Cid
Oh great! What a buncha wizards you guys are! She's gonna take a 100 years!
I'll take over, so don't worry about the Auto-Pilot!
Hey, go ahead! Go tell everyone!

Mechanics
All right, Captain. Good luck.

They all run out.

Cloud
Hey, Cid! What're you doing!?
There are generations of knowledge and wisdom inside the Materia.
We're gonna borrow their powers and save the planet from Sephiroth.
There's no way that we can lose the Huge Materia. You understand that, right?

Cid
Yeah, I understand. I understand that Materia is precious, and I also understand what you're thinking.
But listen.
I don't give a rat's ass whether it's science or magical power.
No, I guess if I had to choose, I'd rather put my money on the power of science.
Humans who used to only roam around on the ground are able to fly now!
And finally, we're about to go into outer space.
Science is a "Power" created and developed by humans. And science just might be what saves this planet.
I was able to earn my living thanks to science. So to me, there's nothing greater!
Now quit your worrying 'bout what Shinra's gonna do!
I don't want to regret not having done something later.

Cloud
But, Cid......

Cid
Shut the hell up!! I don't wanna hear it!!
Alright, time to get to work! Anyone who ain't involved, get the hell outta here!

The rocket starts shaking.

Cid
What the hell......? What the hell happened!?

Palmer (over the intercom)
Hey-hey!

Cid
Palmer! What the hell did'ya do!?

Palmer
They said they finished repairing the Auto-Pilot. So, I laun---ched it!

Cid
Goddamn Shera! Why'd she pick today to get fast!

He runs to the control panel.

DAMN! Won't even budge! It's completely locked up!

Palmer
Hey-hey-hey! Almost lift off!

Cid
What the!? No countdown!? It just don't seem the same without it!

Palmer
Hey!!!! Hey-hey!!! Blast-----off!

The rocket launches into space.

Cid
I finally made it... outer space...
Let's see, how's the course set...?
Yup, it's headed for a collision with Meteor.

Barret
Can't we do somethin'? We can't jus' leave it.

Tifa
Can't we do something? If it goes on, we're......

Nanaki
What should we do? Are we all going to die?

Yuffie
Hey old man! Do something!

Cait Sith
What shall we do? What shall we do?
I'm a toy, so I don't care, but for all of you it's a different story...

Vincent
We're in space now. A long rest...

Cid
That damn Palmer went outta his way to lock the Auto-Pilot device. We might not be able to change the course.

Cloud
...this is the end?

Cid
Huh? What the hell're you sayin'? You're still young, and you give up that easily?
I'm not gonna crash into Meteor.
Just watch.
I keep an Escape Pod on the rocket just for emergencies like this.
I deciphered the lock code on the Escape Pod. We'll bail right before we crash into Meteor.

Barret
Hey wait a second!
What's gonna happen to the Huge Materia?

Tifa
Hey, what about the Huge Materia?

Nanaki
But, what are we going to do with the Huge Materia? Are we just going to give it up?

Yuffie
Hmm? What are we gonna do with the Huge Materia?
If you don't want it, maybe... you could... give it to ME!

Cait Sith
By the way, what are we goin' to do with the Huge Materia?

Vincent
Then the remaining question is what to do with the Huge Materia.

Cid
......
If you want the Materia, do whatever you want!
The Materia should be there after you climb that ladder.

Cloud
...You sure?

Cid
I dunno...
I know what I said a minute ago.
But maybe all that I really wanted was just to go into outer space.
So, why don't you all do whatever you think is right?

Cloud climbs the ladder to where the Huge Materia is kept.

Cloud
I finally found the Huge Materia...

Cid
It's structured so that the lock can be opened if we enter the passcode from this control panel.
Hey Cloud, you know how to use it, right?
Everytime it says, 'Enter Passcode,' push one of those buttons.
If you punch in the right code, it'll unlock and you can get the Huge Materia!

Cloud
So, what order am I supposed to enter the passcode in?

Cid
I dunno. Just try and punch in the code randomly.

Passcode input error
Unauthorized User identified
Protection System will activate in 3 minutes

Cid
Seems like you missed the code!
If we don't enter the correct passcode before the Protection System activates, we won't be able to get the Materia back!
I heard there's a passcode only the top people in Shinra know.
We probably have to enter that. Try and enter some codes while I try and remember that passcode!

Cid tries to give Cloud instructions.

If they succeed...

Passcode Confirmed
Identified as an Authorized User
Unlocked

Cid
Alright, Cloud!! It's unlocked!
Yup, my great advice saved the day.

Received Key Item "Huge Materia"!

If they fail...

Protection System Activated

Cid
Ahhh &$#$#! The Protection System just activated!
...Cloud, too bad, but we gotta let it go.

Cloud and the others make for the escape pod. As they pass through the engine room, one of the oxygen tanks explodes.

Cid
Grrrgh!
Damn! My leg's stuck in the debris......

Cloud
Cid!!

The others move to lift the debris.

Barret
...damn! ...can't lift it!

Tifa
...I can't! It's so heavy, I can't lift it...

Nanaki
I can't do anything with my strength alone......!

Yuffie
I can't budge it by myself!!

Cait Sith
What shall we do--- It won't budge!

Vincent
...no. I can't lift it.

Cid
Don't worry 'bout me. Hurry up and go! If you don't hurry, the rocket's gonna crash into Meteor!

Cloud
...I can't go without my friends.

Cid
You ^%#@&%......! No time to worry 'bout other people!

Cloud
I'm gonna do whatever I can.

Cid
You're stupid. You're really $#&^%$* stupid.
Tank Number 8 blew up...... So Tank Number 8... really was malfunctioning......
Shera... You were right.
But, ......this is the end for me.

The door opens.

Shera
Don't say that, Cid.

Cid
Huh!? Shera!?

Shera
I tagged along. I'm coming to help you.

She moves to help Cloud pull.

Cid
You stupid &$#&%*%&%#!!
......Sorry.

With Shera's help, they manage to free Cid, and she leads them towards the escape pod.

Shera
The Escape Pod is this way. Please hurry.

They follow Shera to the pod.

Shera
Hurry. I'm going to detach the Escape Pod.

Cid
Hey, Shera! Does this Pod really fly?

Shera
It'll be OK. I've been checking it till now.

Cid
.........Then I'm relieved.

Shera
......Thanks.

They detach in the escape pod.

Cid (plastered to the window)
So this is...... outer space...
Man... it's the real thing... I'm really here in outer space...
So long, Shinra No. 26...

The rocket goes on to crash into Meteor. The explosion is blinding, but afterwards, Meteor remains, barely harmed at all.

Back on the Highwind...

Cloud
Rufus and the others plan was a failure...

Barret
What a bust... But I kinda hoped it'd work.

Cait Sith
We been botherin' them as much as we can...
But there ain't no other way... Wonder if we've been wrong all this time?

Nanaki
Makes you worry, doesn't it?

Tifa
Don't worry! Think!

Cid
Hey! The girl's right.
You start worryin' and there's no stoppin' it! Things just start fallin' apart and get worse and worse.

Barret
You're pretty damn optimistic! You up to somethin'?

Cid
Yeah, I been thinkin' about this and that.
All the time we been up here lookin' at the planet.
I been thinkin' even when we were floatin' in the ocean in that escape pod.

Cloud
I've... been thinking too. About the universe... planet... ocean.
How wide and big... No matter where I go and what I do it won't change a thing.

Cid
Maybe you're right.
But I came up with something different.
I always thought this planet was so huge.
But lookin' at it from space, I realized it's so small.
We're just floatin' in the dark. ......kind of makes you feel powerless.
On top of that it's got Sephiroth festerin' inside it like a sickness.
That's why I say this planet's still a kid.
A little kid sick and trembling in the middle of this huge universe.
Someone's gotta protect it.
Ya follow me? That someone is us.

Tifa
Cid... that's beautiful.

Barret
Yo! Cid! You even got to me!
Do, now what? How're we gonna protect the planet from Meteor?

Cid scratches his head and sits down.

Cid
...............I'm still thinkin' about that.

The others shake their heads and disperse.

Nanaki
Huh!?
Did you...... hear something?

They hear the Planet's screaming.

Tifa
The planet's scream...... or Meteor...? Is it this planet?

Cloud
Hey, how do we know that this is really the planet's scream?

Tifa
Did you forget?
Bugenhagen told us.

Cloud
Bugenhagen...

Nanaki
Let's go see Grandfather! To Cosmo Canyon!
I'm sure he'll be able to tell us something that will be helpful!

Barret
That Bugenhagen guy... He was a weird old dude.
I thought he was some kinda naturalist, but he was all into them machines.

Tifa
Did Bugenhagen...... tell you anything?

Nanaki
Hurry, hurry! We must go meet Grandfather!

Cait Sith
This's just between you 'n' me but...
That there Bugenhagen feller, used to be a pretty handy Shinra worker.
Yep, he ain't never bought no weapons or Mako though......

Vincent
The machines in Cosmo Canyon were presents of Dr. Gast.
Wrapped up in the planet's strange notions surrounded by Shinra-made machines...
Science and the planet lived side by side in that old man's heart.

Cid
Maybe it's just me, but has this ship been remodeled without me knowin' it?
All these switches and levers. They're kinda gettin' to me.

Yuffie
What? Are we there?
I know it's all for Wutai, But I can't take much more of this.

Learner Pilot (L10)
Shall we go?

Cloud
- Let's
- No, let's not

Afterwards, in Rocket Town...

Inside the inn...

Barkeeper
Even though they failed to blow up Meteor with the rocket, the Shinra haven't given up yet...
Looks like they're gathering all the weapons from all their bases and are preparing for a final showdown.

Man
OK, which is it gonna be? Meteor hits us first, or that guy comes out of the bathroom?
I'm not movin' from this spot till I see it with my own eyes.

Inside a house...

Man
Even the rocket launch wasn't all THAT great.

Woman
Now that one of Shinra's greatest events is over, I guess it's back to the same old boring everyday life again...

In the Item Shop...

Woman
Is Gramps gonna stay like that even though rocket's gone?

Back outside...

Old Man
My, my precious rocket... It's gone.
Hmph, I know. No matter how much I look, the rocket's still gone.
But I just can't stop it. Just call it an old man's folly if you will.
Sorry to get you into this. For me, it's a kinda hobby.
But, out of appreciation, let me give you this.

Received "Venus Gospel"!

Old Man
I wish you'd take care of it and use it...
Maybe it's time for me to get a new hobby...
Mmm. You know that Shinra sports car at Cid's house? It might be fun to try and restore that thing...

Redhead
I get so restless now that the rocket's gone. And now that we can see Meteor clearly, ...I can't stand it.

Mechanic
I still can't believe that piece of crap rocket actually made it into space... I guess the mechanic was a genius.

Cid's house...

Shera
Now all we have to take care of is Meteor, right? You should be able...
Excuse me...... Please take care of the Captain.

Cloud and the others leave for Cosmo Canyon.

< Junon | Rocket Town | The World >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The World - After the Rocket's Failure
Kalm
Junon
Costa del Sol
North Corel
Gold Saucer
Gongaga

At Kalm...

Redhead
Listen to me! Something really big's happening in Midgar.
They were just saying on TV it was Rufus second strategy and...
That big cannon's pointed due north...... You think the target's...... Sephiroth?

Man
Sephiroth put up a huge barrier around the North Crater.
Rufus wants to use a mammoth cannon to smash the barrier.
He plans to have Shinra troops rush in and attack Sephiroth after the barrier falls.

Inside the second house...

Old Man
Everyone at Shinra's in an uproar because they heard Weapon's coming.
I heard a big hydroplane carrying secret weapons, got attacked by Weapon and was sunk at sea......

At Lower Junon...

Woman
I heard a war's about to start! And that's why they're moving the big cannon!

Older Man
Listen Cloud, I'm over the hill, but Priscilla is still a child.
Isn't there a way to protect at least her from Meteor?

In Upper Junon...

Soldier
The Shinra Army's gathered at Midgar. Now it's just a matter of time Sephiroth's dead.
What... me? I don't mind. I'll just wait here. My life is important to me.

At Costa del Sol...

Johnny's House...

Johnny
No, no, NO!! Meteor's getting bigger by the minute!!
I wanna live on the edge right now! I want to build a home with my woman and grow old together!
If you can't do it, I will! And that's that!
I'm gonna do my best, so you hang in there, too!

At North Corel...

Man in Hardhat
Hey, the Gold Saucer reopened!
We've got to play hard to get our minds of Meteor.

At the ropeway station...

Redhead
I'm gonna use all my life savings before Meteor hits!

Blond
I know how you feel, but what if Meteor doesn't hit us? What are you gonna do then?

Station Man
The Gold Saucer reopened. Why don't you go play hard and clear your heads as well as your pockets?

At Gold Saucer...

Dio
I thought about it, but there was only one conclusion.
I believed that because of the way things are, there's a need for a place like this.
Enjoy yourselves... Ha ha ha ha...

By this point, Cloud may be able to access the special duel at the Battle Arena.

Receptionist
You know, I've been thinking about it for a while now, but you must be pretty strong?
Probably strong enough to take on the top 1 or 2 fighters?
Maybe you'll be good enough for the big match......
How 'bout it? There's a private battle only for the strongest. Wanna try?

Cloud
- Let's do it
- Not interested

Woman Outside Battle Square
I watched you win eight battles. I want you to have this!

Received "Sprint Shoes"!

Woman Outside Battle Square
Good luck in the future, too!

At Gongaga...

Old Man
Shinra's tried a lot of things, but it's only HUMAN. It's fate that Meteor will kill the people.

Redhead
...Everyone's going to die. Everything's coming to an end.

< Rocket Town | The World | Lucrecia's Cave >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Lucrecia's Cave - Vincent's Past

While roaming the ocean in the submarine, Cloud and the others come across Lucrecia's cave.

If Vincent is not in the party...

Lucrecia
Vincent...

The altar is vacant, and Cloud turns to go.

Lucrecia
Sephiroth...

Returning with Vincent in the party, Lucrecia will randomly say one name or the other...

Lucrecia
Sephiroth... | Vincent...

Vincent
That voice? It can't be...

He steps forward.

Lucrecia...?

Lucrecia is standing at the altar, and she turns around upon hearing his voice.

Lucrecia
Vincent......?

Vincent (running towards her)
Lucrecia!!

Lucrecia
Stay back!

There follows a sequence of flashbacks. Scene one: Vincent, as a Turk, and three scientists (Gast, Hojo, and Lucrecia) walk into the Shinra mansion. Vincent pauses near the gate to look up at the sky.

Scene two: Vincent and Lucrecia are talking to each other as they walk through Nibelheim.

Scene three: At Nibelheim's gate, Vincent is holding both of Lucrecia's hands in his. She breaks away and runs off.

Scene four: Lucrecia is in Hojo's arms, and Vincent is watching. He turns away, sighs, then runs off.

If she is happy then... I don't mind.

Scene five: Lucrecia is sitting in a chair, stroking her belly.

Scene six: Hojo, Lucrecia, and Vincent are in the basement. Lucrecia looks ashamed, while the other two are angry.

Vincent
I'm against it!! Why experiments on humans!?

Hojo
She and I are both scientists!!

After that, a child was born to Lucrecia...
That child's name is...
Sephiroth......

Scene seven: Lucrecia collapses on the floor in the inn.

Scene eight: Vincent runs down to the basement, making angry gestures at Hojo. Hojo runs his hands through his hair, then shoots Vincent, who crumples to the floor.

Scene nine: Hojo stands over Vincent at the basement's operating table.

Scene ten: Vincent gets up from Hojo's operating table and looks at his hands.

Vincent
Urrrrrrrrrrgh!

This body is... the punishment that's been given to me.
I was unable...to stop Professor Gast and Hojo...
And Lucrecia...I was unable to stop them.
All that I was able to do was watch... That is my punishment...

Vincent
Lucrecia... You're alive...

Lucrecia
I wanted to disappear... I couldn't be with anyone... I wanted to die...
But the Jenova inside me wouldn't let me die...
Lately, I dream a lot of Sephiroth... My dear, dear child.
Ever since he was born I never got to hold him, even once...
Not even once. You can't call me his mother... That... is my sin...

Vincent starts forward.

Lucrecia
Back!! Stay back!
Vincent... Won't you please tell me?

Vincent
......What?

Lucrecia
If Sephiroth is still alive?
I heard that he died five years ago. But I see him in my dreams so often...
And I know that physically, like myself, he can't die so easily.
Please, Vincent tell me......

Cloud starts forward, but Vincent holds out an arm to silence him.

Vincent
Lucrecia... Sephiroth is dead...

They leave the cave.

< The World | Lucrecia's Cave | Cosmo Canyon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Cosmo Canyon - Remembering Aeris

Cloud and his party arrive at Cosmo Canyon and go up to see Bugenhagen.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. If you ever are in need of my wisdom, you are always welcome here.

Cloud
Yeah, that's why we came.

Bugenhagen
What to do? Have you lost your way? When that happens we each have to take a good long look at ourselves.
There's always something in the deepest reaches of our hearts.
Something buried, or something forgotten.
Remember it... Whatever that is, must certainly be what you are all looking for...

Cloud
That's easy enough to say... But, I can't remember a thing.

Bugenhagen
It must be there. Look harder!

Barret
This ain't no good with just us! Cloud, we gotta get some others in here.

Tifa
...no good. Cloud, let's have the others come.

Nanaki
nghh... no good. We alone cannot do it. We need to have the others here.

Yuffie
You expect me to know that? Let the others do it!

Cait Sith
How about it, Cloud? Shouldn't we have the others come?

Vincent
I don't know, Cloud. I think we should have everyone here.

Cid
Ahh, no good. Cloud you call the others in here too!

Cloud nods and calls up the others on his PHS. They all gather in the observatory.

Bugenhagen
Do you see it? What is it that you are searching for?

Cait Sith
Nope. Not a thing. Naw. Can't come up with a thing.

Yuffie
Me either! I don't get any of this!

Cloud
I remember Aeris a lot.
No... not that.
You haven't remembered.
You haven't forgotten.
That's not it...
How would you say it... Aeris was right there all along. Right by our side.
She was so close, we couldn't see her. What Aeris did... The words she left behind...

Tifa
That reminds me... I was the same.

Nanaki
......as was I.

Barret
Me too...

Cloud
She said she was the only one who could stop Sephiroth's Meteor.

Tifa
But Aeris is gone.

Nanaki
Is it impossible for us to carry on... what Aeris tried to accomplish?

Barret
We ain't no Ancients, if that's what ya mean.

Cid
What, did that girl go off to that place?

Cloud
That's it!!

Cid
What's it?

Cloud
We don't know about it.
What did Aeris know?
Why did she face Sephiroth without running away?

Nanaki
I see... She returned there once again, correct?

Bugenhagen
Hmmm. Perhaps I'll have you take me there.

Nanaki
You're going too?

Bugenhagen
What's so surprising about that...?
Even I want to get out from time to time and see the outside world. I wonder what did it? I haven't felt like this in ages.

Nanaki
It must be the planet. The planet is calling you!

Cid
Yeah, hoo boy, the planet calling... right.

He walks out.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Then let's go.

The others all file out.

Cloud
Oh yeah, Bugenhagen. I have one more thing I want to ask you.
We're carrying around Huge Materia. This is pretty delicate stuff and would like to keep it in a safe place...

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Then we'll put it upstairs. Now, shall we be on our way?
I'll teach you how to work the machine. Watch carefully now. You just pull this here...

And the machine turns on.

Ho Ho Hoooo. Is this what you call Huge Materia...?
This is really rare Materia, indeed.
Materia this rare is certain to have a special consciousness enclosed in it.

Cloud inspects the materia and gets Bahamut ZERO from the blue one.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hoooo. Good. Now let's leave.
Do you remember how to use the machine down below? If you ever want to see Materia, come here anytime.

They then return to the Highwind.

Bugenhagen
Hm, hmm, hmm!.......
Smells like machinery.
I love this smell.
Of course, I also love the smell of nature, too......
Hm? Is the deck up there?
Then I'll be on the deck just passing time.
I can feel the workings of the planet in the smell of the wind.
I also feel the greatness of man's wisdom and the knowledge in the smell of machinery...
Well, bye for now.

He floats off to the deck.

I wonder where you're taking me?

Yuffie
Cloud...... urp...... ugh.
You know, I was thinking...... phew...... Why does materia always have something to do with battles or magic?
I bet the Ancients must've always been fighting.
It must've been... ugh... terrible...

Barret
And Aeris... she's dead.
Guess she turned into spiritual energy and returned to the planet, huh?
But even if she did, there's no way we'll meet her again...

Tifa
I wonder what Aeris felt... when she was on that altar...?

Cloud
I'm sure she wanted to give her life for the planet...

Tifa
Really? I wonder? I don't think that's it at all.
I think she didn't think she would die at all, but that she planned on coming back all along.
She always used to talk about the 'Next time'.
She talked about the future more than any of us...
Although she never talked about it to us she must've had a rough life...
I think Aeris looked forward to tomorrow and the future more than anyone...
...she must've had many many dreams......

Nanaki
Aeris used to pat me on the nose sometimes.
I used to hate being treated like a child like that, but I also liked the attention.
I wanted to apologize to her for what I did when we first met.

Cait Sith
I went an' told Aeris' Mom about her death.
Yes, an' Miss Elmyra was cryin' herself silly... So was little Marlene...

Vincent
City of the Ancients...
The Ancients... after a long time that is probably what others will come to call us...
Hmmm... hwa ha ha ha... It's only a matter of time for us.

Cid
Aeris...?
I wanted to give her a ride in the Highwind......

Learner Pilot (LV11)
Okay then, let's go!

Cloud
- Let's go!
- Wait a sec......

Cloud and the others set out for the City of the Ancients.

If you speak to some of the villagers while Bugenhagen is with the party...

Elder Hargo (in the observatory)
I hope great Bugenhagen will take care and not overexert himself.
'Ho Ho Hoooo.' I may be light, But I'm not as young as Nanaki.
Oops. That will only get you angry. You're just like me. Ho ho ho.

Kid in Nanaki's Room
Both Nanaki and Mr. Bugenhagen are gone... I feel so lonely...

< Lucrecia's Cave | Cosmo Canyon | City of the Ancients >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

City of the Ancients - Aeris's Prayer
Arrival at the City
Finding the Key
Meanwhile at Shinra HQ
Back on the Highwind

Cloud and the others take Bugenhagen into the City of the Ancients and to one of the chambers.

Cloud
Are you getting something?

Bugenhagen
Yes...... exactly...
...give me a moment.

Bugenhagen floats up to the structure in the center of the room. Cloud joins him.

Bugenhagen
The knowledge of the Ancients swirling around here is telling me one thing.
The planet's in a crisis...
A crisis beyond human power or endless time.
It says, when the time comes, we must search for 'Holy'.

Cloud
Holy?

Bugenhagen
Holy... the ultimate White Magic. Magic that might stand against Meteor. Perhaps our last hope to save the planet from Meteor.
If a soul seeking Holy reaches the planet, it will appear.
Ho Ho Hooo.
Meteor, Weapon, everything will disappear.
Perhaps, even ourselves.

Cloud
Even us!?

Bugenhagen
It is up to the planet to decide.
What is best for the planet. What is bad for the planet.
All that is bad will disappear. That is all.
Ho Ho Hooo.
I wonder which we humans are?

Cloud
Search for Holy... How do we do it?

Bugenhagen
Speak to the planet.
Get the White Materia... This will bond the Planet to humans.
Then speak to the planet.
If our wish reaches the planet, the White Materia will begin to glow a pale green.

Cloud
...This is the end.
Aeris had the White Materia...
But when Aeris died, it fell from the altar...
That's why...... this is the end.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hooo!
Ho Ho Hooo!
Ho Ho Hooo!
Look at this!

Cloud
!?

Bugenhagen
Ancient's writing.

Cloud
Can you read it?

Bugenhagen
I can't even make it out!!

Cloud
This's no time for jokes...

Bugenhagen
I'm not an Ancient. I can't read this thing!
I may be old, but my eyes aren't completely bad yet. Look closely below the writing.

Cloud
There's something written in chalk......... (even sunlight can't reach)...... (Key)

Bugenhagen
It was probably written by a scientist who's been here... He probably used all his energy to make out these two words.

Cloud
Key......? To what?

Bugenhagen
I don't know... But, it probably has something to do with our riddle.
The riddle... then it must have something to do with Aeris.

Cloud
So this note points to where the key is?

Bugenhagen
Probably...
Use these words as clues and go find the key.
I'll continue to figure out the Ancients' writing.

Cloud
A place (Even sunlight won't reach) is where the (key) is, right?

Bugenhagen
When you find the key, or when you can't go any further, come back here.
Maybe I'll understand more from the writing and get some new information for you.

Cloud nods and leaves the city to look for the key.

Searching in the submarine, they find it in an underwater tunnel near the entrance to Lucrecia's cave.

Cloud
Do you think it's......?

...analysis completed...
...exact date of origin cannot be determined...
...estimated to be several thousand years old...

Cloud
Key of the Ancients...

Received Key Item "Key to Ancients"!

They return to the City of the Ancients.

Bugenhagen
Oh! You've found it!
That Music Box over there. We'll put the key in it.
I'll go use the key. You all wait here.
And watch closely what happens.
Ho Ho Hooo!

He puts the key in the music box, a tune plays, and a waterfall crashes down on the center structure.

Bugenhagen
Now, go inside. Hope may be inside... Or......

Cloud goes to look.

Bugenhagen
This was just a screen to project an image!
Look! Look at the image projected on the screen of the water!

They watch as the screen shows the White Materia at Aeris's death. In the water, it is glowing a pale green.

Cloud
...It's glowing.

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho Hooo!! It's pale green!!

Cloud
...Aeris. Aeris has already prayed for Holy.
...After I gave up the Black Materia to Sephiroth...... Aeris' words came into my dreams...
She said, she was the only one who could stop Sephiroth...... And to do that, there was a secret here...
That was Holy...... That's why, she had the White Materia. Aeris knew about here... and what she had to do.
Aeris has left us great hope. But, it cost her her life... her future...
I'm sorry... Aeris. I should have figured this out sooner.
...You left us without saying a word...... It was all so sudden, so I couldn't think...
That's why it took so long for me to find out... But, Aeris... I understand now.
Aeris... I'll do the rest.

Tifa
You mean, WE...

Yuffie
The hope she left us... We've gotta take a chance with it!

Vincent
!? ...you mean WE.

Cid
The big gift the flower girl left for us... it'd be sad if we didn't finish it!

Cloud looks at his companions and nods.

Cloud
Thank you... Aeris.
Aeris' voice has already reached the Planet. Just look at the glow of the White Materia.
But...... how about Holy? How come Holy isn't moving?
Why?

Bugenhagen
Something's getting in its way.

Cloud
......Him......
He's the only one that could do it.
...Sephiroth. Where are you?

Cloud turns to go, and his PHS rings.

Cloud
What the?

Cait Sith
whisper... whisper... (sorry I was a little surprised).

Cloud
What happened?

Cait Sith
You remember when the Junon Cannon disappeared? Actually, Rufus moved it.

Cloud
Moved it? That big thing......? Where...? Why?

Cait Sith
Rufus wants to destroy Sephiroth with it.
That cannon operates on Huge Materia. But the Huge Materia has already been used in the Rocket Plan.
So since the cannon's useless right now, he decided to move it.
To a place where Materia... no, where Mako is gathered...

Cloud
And, where is that!?

Cut to Midgar, where the Sister Ray has been moved. At Shinra Headquarters...

Rufus
......That's why, Reeve. It's your job to adjust the reactor's output.

Reeve
I see......

Scarlet
Hah, hah, hah! Don't worry about adjusting it, Reeve.
Once you open it up all the way everything will go full speed!

Heidegger
Gya hah, hah, hah! The President's sure done it this time!
If we can only defeat Sephiroth, the idea that Meteor will also disappear is based on different objectives!

Scarlet
Please remember, Mr. President...
It was my idea to fire Mako reactor powered shells.

Rufus
Will the shells really reach the far northern border?

Scarlet
Ah, hah hah!
Of course!
But Mr. President, please do not call it a Mako cannon.
This new weapon will be called......
The Sister Ray!

Back to Cloud, outside Bone Village.

Cloud
............?
Wh, what the...!?

Back on the Highwind...

Cid
What's wrong!?

Crew Member
It's a strange signal!

Cid
From where?

Crew Member (turning towards Cait Sith)
It's coming from this... person (?)

Cait Sith
Wow!
Hey!
That was a surprise, the controls went crazy.
This ain't good...
Weapon came out of the sea and is heading straight for Midgar.

Cloud
The new weapon should stop him, right?

Cait Sith
I don't know if it's ready or not...

Barret
Hey! What's gonna happen to Marlene!?

Cait Sith
Doncha worry none, Marlene's in a safe place. She's with Aeris' mama.
Barret!!
What was that scratching just now!?
As long as Marlene is safe, who cares what else happens, right?
I been itchin' to say this to ya fer a while now!
When ya blew the Midgar No. 1 up, how many folks d'ya think died?

Barret
...that was for the life of the planet. Ya gotta expect a few casualties.

Cait Sith
A few? Whaddya mean 'a few'? What may be a few to y'all is everythin' to them who died......
Protect the planet. Hah! Y'all sure sound good!
Ain't no one that'd go against ya. So ya think ya can do whatever y'all want?

Barret
I don't wanna hear that from no one in Shinra...

Cait Sith
......nuthin' I can do 'bout that...

Cloud
Stop it!

Tifa
Cait Sith...... Barret, he knows what he did.
What we did in Midgar can't be forgotten no matter what the reason.

She turns to Barret.

Right? We haven't forgotten, right?

She turns back to Cait Sith.

I know you.
You can't quit the company because you're worried about the people in Midgar, right?
......Cloud?

Cloud
OK! Let's go! We'll beat Weapon ourselves!

Cid
Hey Cloud......
You think we can win against that monster? We got a chance of winnin', right?

Cloud
How would I know?
But that's no reason for us to just let him go!
We're goin' to Midgar and fight Weapon! Come on, let's move!

Barret
That damn Weapon... He's one big *&$*&%$...
Even Midgar's gonna be in trouble.

Tifa
Whether you love it or hate it...
You just can't bring yourself to leave Midgar, can you?

Nanaki
Midgar...
I hated the fact I was caught by Hojo and taken back to the lab where they did all kinds of experiments on me...
But because of that I was able to meet you all...
People you meet... others you don't...... strange isn't it?

Cait Sith
Cloud, you do your best now, hear!?
I know y'all can't forgive the Shinra, but them poor folks in Midgar ain't done a bit wrong!

Vincent
......we still can't seem to get near Sephiroth...

Cid
That reminds me, there was a test rocket that landed in the Slums of Midgar long ago.
I remember I was relieved when I heard it never blew up.

Yuffie
Are you waiting for Cloud?
He's flying right now, so you can't get him.
Were you going to force me into the submarine right now?
Quit it! If you want to go, then just leave me behind.
............ooooooh. What're you talking about? I......

Bugenhagen
Traveling is wonderful, isn't it?......

Learner Pilot (L13)
Cloud! I'm going!

Cloud
- Okay
- Excuse me, but could you wait?

Cloud and the others head for Midgar.

< Cosmo Canyon | City of the Ancients | Midgar >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Midgar - Shinra's Collapse
The Sister Ray Fires
Conflicts at Shinra HQ
Descent into Midgar
The End of the Turks
Confronting Hojo

If, in following Diamond Weapon, the Highwind rams into it...

Cid
Hey, HEY! What're ya tryin' to do? Break the Highwind? Let's fight on the ground!

They reach and fight Diamond Weapon some miles outside of Midgar, but cannot defeat it. It turns towards Midgar, leaving them behind.

Barret
Wassup, Mr. Monster? What're you lookin' at?

Nanaki
Something's wrong...

Vincent
Doesn't look like it's after us. Something else...

Cloud
No, it's...... feeling something. ......Yeah, it senses murder.

Tifa
Let's go to the Airship!

Yuffie
OK, can we go now!?

Cid
To my ship!

The others run out. Cloud's PHS rings.

Cait Sith
Oh no! Let's hurry out of here!
Something big... I'm talkin' REALLY BIG's comin'!

Meanwhile at Shinra HQ...

Heidegger
Hah, hah, hah, Mr. President, preparations for Sister Ray are now in order.

Scarlet
Hah, hah, hah!
Anytime is fine.

Rufus (laughing)
......Fire.

The Sister Ray fires a shot northward. The glass on the Shinra building shatters. Diamond Weapon fires back at Midgar. On the Highwind's deck...

Tifa
Which direction is it going to attack from?

Nanaki
Midgar!

Barret
Marlene!!

The shot from the Sister Ray goes right through Diamond Weapon as the Highwind flies by. The Weapon falls.

Barret
Damn...

Nanaki
It went right through Weapon......

Cloud
I see! They're after Sephiroth! The crater on the Northern boundary!

The shot continues on to the Northern Crater and destroys the barrier. Back at Shinra HQ...

(operator)
Sir! Weapon's been defeated!!
The barrier has disappeared!

There is a pause.

Sir! A mass of high density energy is heading towards Midgar!

Rufus turns and looks. In the street below, people are running away from the Shinra building.

People Fleeing
WHOOA-- Weapon's coming!
Run for your lives!!

Rufus stands motionless in his office as the blast hits.

Back on the Highwind...

Cloud
What happened to...... Sephiroth?
Northern Cave...
Let's go see what happened to it.

Barret
When AVALANCHE was jes startin', we used to put up flyers everywhere.
And now, we're up against Sephiroth. How about that?
Feels like a long time ago.

Tifa
Now we're going to fight Sephiroth.
I wonder what the inside of that cave looks like? You think Sephiroth is just sitting there waiting for Meteor?

Nanaki
Will we save the world if we beat Sephiroth?
I'm frightened, but I'll do my best. Let's hurry to the Northern Cave!

Cait Sith
......Wonder what that Sephiroth feller's up to?

Vincent
Defeat Sephiroth... Defeat the son of that beloved woman...
Am I on the verge of committing another sin......?
Or am I atoning as best I can for only watching...?

Cid
Maybe this is the time?

Yuffie
What's the pilot like?
Tell him Yuffie says if he pilots the plane smoothly, give him my autograph...

Learner Pilot (L14)
Hey, Cloud!!!

Cloud
- Y, yeah, let's go!
- U, uh wait

They fly to the Northern Crater.

Cloud
Sephiroth's energy barrier is gone......
Cid! Can the Airship get inside?

Cid
Huh? He's my student, ain't he!? Of course he can go anywhere!

Cloud
Right, sorry about that.

Cait Sith gives a sudden start.

Barret
Yo, Cait Sith! Now what?

Cait Sith
Hold it!
Scarlet! Heidegger! What's going on?

Back at Shinra HQ...

Heidegger
Strange. I can't reach the President!

Reeve
Not the President. To Sister Ray!

Scarlet
Ha, ha, ha. What is it Reeve? You're speaking strangely.

Reeve
None of that matters!
The reactor's output is increasing all by itself!

Scarlet
Ww, wait a minute. That's not wise!
It must cool for 3 hours or it won't work. Reeve, shut off the machine!

Reeve
We can't do that! It's inoperable!

He pulls out his cell phone.

Someone has switched the machine over to mainframe operation!
We can't operate it from here.

Reeve
What about the mainframe? Who!?

He turns to Heidegger.

Hey, call the mainframe!

Heidegger
Huh? Why are you giving orders?

Reeve
I don't give a damn about the details!!

At the Sister Ray's controls...

Hojo
Ha, ha, ha...... Just you wait, Sephiroth.
I'll give you all the Mako you want.

Reeve
Hojo, STOP! The cannon, no, Midgar itself is in danger!

Hojo
Ha, ha, ha...... One or two Midgars? ...it's a small price to pay.

Reeve
Hojo! HOJO......!!

Hojo
Show me...... Sephiroth.
It should be near...
Ha, ha, ha...... Go beyond the powers of science...
Before your presence, science is powerless...
I hate it, but I'll concede to it.
Just... let me see it.
Ha, ha, ha......

Back on the Highwind...

Barret
YO! Do somethin'! Ya big cat!

Cait Sith
We're sunk. Hojo's doing this on his own......
...? ...? H, huh!?
I don't like this......

Barret
You're busted, Reeve!
Too late tryin' to hide it now...

Cloud
Can't you stop the Mako reactor?

Cait Sith
......We can't stop it.

Barret
You're from Shinra, ain't ya? So why's it impossible!?

Cait Sith
............

Cid
We came a long way to get here. You better not double-cross us now!

Cait Sith
I can't make you trust me......

Cid
You damn fool! Don't you understand anything I'm saying?
I don't give a damn about Shinra. If you're a man... no, if you're a human being, you'll save the planet! Don't you even care?

Cait Sith
No way! If we shut down the reactor, all hell will break loose!!

Cid
Why? Can't you just shut off the valve?

Cait Sith
Yeah, it's easy to shut off the reactor's pipe valves......
But the reactor made a path for the energy to escape from below.
Once you open that, it'll be impossible to close it until everything blasts out...
And we can't try to stop the energy from gushing out......

Barret
An explosion!!

Cait Sith
This blast'll be way stronger than when the number 1 reactor blew up!

Barret
Damn...!

Cait Sith
Forget about that......... the CANNON! We've got to get to Midgar! That's the first thing!!

Cloud
Must stop Hojo... first.

At Shinra HQ...

Reeve
Looks like Cloud and the others are on their way. Stay out of the way!

Heidegger
Ghaa haah hah hah!
Don't be so ludicrous! I don't recall you giving me any orders!
The Peace Preservation will give their best effort to make the enemy retreat!
Because of them, I...... I...!

Reeve
That's a private matter......

Heidegger
The President is dead! Now I'm doing things my way!
Ghaa haah hah hah!

Scarlet
Ha, ha, ha.
Heidegger! Now I'm going to use the new weapon!

Two Shinra soldiers run in to restrain Reeve. Scarlet and Heidegger leave the Conference Room.

Reeve
Hey! Wait!!
Cloud, everybody! Sorry......
But!!

Back on the Highwind...

Cait Sith
But!
But you'll come, won't you!?

Cloud
I know!

Cid
Hey!
I'm leaving the ship in your hands!

Pilot
I'm heading for Midgar!

Barret
Comin' and goin'... gettin' pushed around.
But I got a debt to all them back in Midgar that I can't never repay...

Tifa
It's all right.
You're here... Everyone's all together
Together... we can do anything. We've worked this hard already.

Nanaki
I wonder why Hojo performed so many of these experiments?
Why couldn't he content himself with quiet research?

Cait Sith
I can't 'pologize to y'all enough.
If I was just a bit more o' a better feller Ain't none of this woulda happened...

Vincent
Hojo... what a queer fellow.
Such utter lack of scientific talent... compared with the genius of Dr. Gast......
Lucrecia chose him trying to protect him...
Now I understand... I understand... but...

Cid
We're busy runnin' back and forth!
Even my bikini goddess would be pantin' about now!

Yuffie
Headed for... Midgar?
Uh, a, anywhere's fine... I don't care. Just hurry up and land this thing.

Learner Pilot (LV14 Limit Break!)
Yo, Cloud! Whacha gonna do?

Cloud
- Move it!
- Wait

They fly back to Midgar.

Pilot
We've reached Midgar!

Barret
Even if we get there, Midgar's under martial law!
There'll be no way we could slip into the slums.

Tifa
Looks like all transportation from the slums is cut off......

Cid
Hey, hey, whaddya think we have Highwind for?
Where are we now!?

Barret
Huh? Where are we...?

Cid
If land's no go... We'll go by air!

Cloud
Okay then! We'll parachute into Midgar!!

Everyone runs off to the deck.

Cloud
Here we go!!

They all jump off the Highwind and parachute into Midgar, landing in 8th Street, Sector 8.

Cait Sith
Heidegger is going after you all.
That's why it's dangerous out there. Let's go underground!

Cloud joins the others around an entrance to the Sector 8 underground.

Barret
Sounds strange comin' from me...
But it feels like home bein' back in Midgar.
Kinda makes me sick...

Tifa
We sure got to know the Midgar underground.

Nanaki
I have an old score to settle with Hojo, so let's hurry and go!

Yuffie
This place smells gross. Let's get this over with!

Cid
Yeah! Let's get it over with!

Vincent
So it was Hojo who stirred up all this commotion, after all these years...?

Cait Sith
This is where we go in.
Please! Hurry and come to the Mako Cannon!

Cloud and the others make their way through the underground and reach the train tunnel. If Cloud travels backwards down the tunnel instead of ahead, he first comes across Barret.

Barret
Leave this to me! Hurry to the cannon!

He starts firing towards their rear.

Going back far enough, Cloud will reach a dead end with the W-Item materia.

Cloud
Dead end!

Going forward again, eventually the Turks will intercept Cloud.

Elena
Oh no! They're here!

Cloud and the others turn to face her as Reno and Rude walk up.

Elena
What are we going to do!? I think it's okay for you to ignore your orders now.

Reno
...Elena, don't act so weak.

Rude
We're Turks, Elena.

Elena
...Yes, sir. You're right.

Rude
Come on, we've got work to do.

Reno
I'm not really up for it, but...

Elena
Our orders were to seek you out and...
...Kill.
Our company may be in turmoil, but an order's an order.
That's the will and spirit of the Turks! Believe it!

Cloud
......

Elena
What are you doing! Let's go!

Cloud
- Okay, let's end this
- No, let's not go

Okay, let's end this

Reno
I know we have a weird relationship, but...
We have to end this... like Turks!

A battle ensues.

Elena (attacking)
Try this on for size!

Cloud and the others attack her.

Elena
Yeow! That hurts!
Take THAT!!

She casts Infatuation.

Rude
............

Reno
Let's call it a day.

They flee.

No, let's not go

Elena
You showing pity!? Don't take the Turks for fools!

Reno
Wait, Elena.

Elena
Reno! You're not violating the order... are you!?

Reno
Shinra's finished. It's come down to this.

Rude
......

Elena
Rude...

Reno
Elena, you were a great Turk!

Elena
......

Reno
Farewell. If we both survive...
If we can save our lives...

He walks off.

Elena
Remember the spirit of the Turks...!

She salutes and runs off.

Rude
Our mission's finished...

He follows the others.

Cloud and the others move on. At the first branch in the tunnel, they find Yuffie.

Yuffie
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon---!

At the next is Cid.

Cid
Which way...!?
Goddamn, piece of $#@^% cannon!!

Going left takes them to the Shinra building.

Cait Sith
No, no! The Sister Ray's not this way!

Cloud retraces his steps to find the right path, finding Tifa crouched down on the tracks. She stands.

Tifa
I'm all right! Hurry and go to the cannon!

Eventually Cloud comes out in the streets of Sector 8 again, near the supports for the cannon. They head for the stairs, but the ground starts shaking, and they stop and look back.

Barret
What the... hell is that!!?

Tifa
This can't be...

Nanaki
!?

Yuffie
Are you serious...?

Vincent
......!

Cid
Hey-hey! You serious...?

The hatch of the huge mecha opens.

Heidegger
G'yaaa, Haaa, Haaa!!! Here they come!
G'yaaa, Haaa, Haaa!!! So they really showed up!
You sure did treat us like dogs up to now!!

Scarlet
You killed off a lot of my precious soldiers!

Heidegger
G'yaaa, Haaa, Haaa!!! But let's see how you do against anti-Weapon artillery!

Scarlet
You guys are worthless, but my proud creation is a sure thing!

They go back inside the hatch.

Scarlet
I'll show you the destructive power of the Proud Clod!

A battle ensues, and they defeat the Proud Clod.

Scarlet
Not that! This is the proud Clod.........!?

Heidegger
Whoooooa!!

The Proud Clod explodes. It starts to rain, and Cloud and the others move on down the street and start up the stairs to the Sister Ray.

Cait Sith
This way, Cloud!

Vincent (on a lower platform, watching)
Damn! Hojo...!

Barret
Hey! This is...

Received "Missing Score"!

Barret
This is great. Hold on, Hojo......!

They reach Hojo, who is working at the cannon's controls.

Cloud
Hojo! Stop right there!!

Hojo
Oh... the failure.

Cloud
At least remember my name! It's Cloud!

Hojo
Every time I see you, I...
It pains me that I had so little scientific sense...
I evaluated you as a failed project.
But, you are the only one that succeeded as a Sephiroth-clone.
Heh, heh, heh...... I'm even beginning to hate myself.

Cloud
None of that matters... just stop this nonsense!

Hojo (pausing)
...nonsense?
Oh, this?

He turns around.

Ha, ha, ha...
Sephiroth seems to be counting on the energy.
So I'm going to lend him a hand.

Cloud
Why!? Why do that!?

Hojo
Quit asking me why, you moron.
Hmm... actually, you might be cut out to be a scientist.

He turns back to the controls.

Energy level is at...... 83%. It's taking too long.
My son is in need of power and help. ...That's the only reason.

Cloud
...your son?

Hojo
Ha, ha, ha... Although he doesn't know.
Ha, ha, ha... HA, HA, HA...!!
What will Sephiroth think when he finds out I'm his father?
Always looking down on me like that.
HA, HA, HA...!!

Cloud
Sephiroth is your son!?

Vincent
......!

Hojo
Ha, ha, ha...
I offered the woman with my child to Professor Gast's Jenova Project.
When Sephiroth was still in the womb, we took the cells of Jenova...
HA, HA, HA!!

Vincent
You......!

Cloud
I can't believe you're the one who did this...
The illusionary crime against Sephiroth...

Hojo turns around.

Hojo
Heee, hee, hee, hee! No you're wrong!
It's my desire as a scientist! Heee, hee, hee, hee!

Vincent
......
I was...wrong. The one that should have slept was...
...You, Hojo!

Hojo
I... was defeated by my desire to become a scientist.
I lost the last time as well.
I've injected Jenova's cells into my own body!
Heee, hee, hee!
Here are...
Heee, hee, hee!
...my results!!

A battle ensues.

Hojo
Gwah, haw, haw!!
Haw... now let's see
how the Mako juice is reacting?

Hojo morphs into Helletic Hojo, and later into Lifeform Hojo. Cloud and the others manage to defeat him.

Cloud
......

Nanaki
The father...

Tifa
I can't believe Sephiroth is Hojo's son...

Barret
Anyway... that's the end of the cannon...

Cid
%$#&$*&^%^

Yuffie
How sad... for him...

Vincent
Hojo...rest in peace...

Cait Sith
I'm so glad you came.

< City of the Ancients | Midgar | The Highwind >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The Highwind - What We're Fighting For
Cloud's Speech
Cloud and Tifa Await the Others' Return
Back on the Highwind

On the Highwind's bridge...

Cait Sith
Shinra's...... finished.

Cloud
Meteor's gonna fall in about......

Nanaki
Seven more days. That's what Grandfather said.

Cloud
Nanaki......
You want to see everyone in Cosmo Canyon again?

Nanaki
.........yes.

Cloud (turning to Barret)
You want to see Marlene, right?

Barret
Don't ask me that.

Cloud
We'll beat Sephiroth...
Then, if we don't release the power of Holy in seven days......
There won't be a planet left to protect.
If we can't beat Sephiroth...
It's as good as death for us.
We'll just go a few days sooner than the rest who'll die from Meteor.

Barret
Don't be thinkin' you're gonna lose before ya even fight!

Cloud
No!
What I meant was...
What are we all fighting for? I want us all to understand that.
Save the planet... for the future of the planet... Sure, that's all fine.
But really, is that really how it is?
For me, this is a personal feud.
I want to beat Sephiroth. And settle my past.
Saving the planet just happens to be part of that.
I've been thinking.
I think we all are fighting for ourselves.
For ourselves... and that someone... something... whatever it is, that's important to us.
That's what we're fighting for.
That's why we keep up this battle for the planet.

Barret
You're right...
It sounds cool sayin' it's to save the planet.
But I was the one who blew up that Mako reactor......
Lookin' back on it now, I can see that wasn't the right way to do things.
I made a lot of friends and innocent bystanders suffer...
...At first, it was revenge against Shinra. For attackin' my town.
But now......
Yeah. I'm fightin' for Marlene.
For Marlene... For Marlene's future...
Yeah... I guess I want to save the planet for Marlene's sake...

Cloud
Go and see her. Make sure you're right, and come back.
All of you. Get off the ship and find out your reasons for yourselves.
I want you to make sure. Then I want you to come back.

Cid
Maybe ain't none of us'll come back.
Meteor's gonna kill us all anyway. Let's just forget any useless struggling!

Cloud
I know why I'm fighting.
I'm fighting to save the planet, and that's that.
But besides that, there's something personal too...
A very personal memory that I have.
What about you all?
I want all of you to find that something within yourselves.
If you don't find it, then that's okay too.
You can't fight without a reason, right?
So, I won't hold it against you if you don't come back.

Everyone leaves but Tifa. Cloud turns to her.

Cloud
What are you going to do, Tifa?

Tifa
Did you forget?
I'm... all alone. I don't have anywhere to go.

Cloud and Tifa climb down from the airship.

Tifa
Everyone's gone...

Cloud
Yeah, we don't have anywhere or anyone to go home to.

Tifa
You're right...
But... I'm sure someday... they'll come back, don't you think?

Cloud
Hmm... I wonder...?
Everyone has an irreplaceable something they're holding on to...
But this time, our opponent...

Tifa
Hmm... But that's all right, even if no one comes back.
As long as I'm with you... As long as you're by my side... I won't give up even if I'm scared.

Cloud
.........Tifa......

Tifa
No matter how close we are... We were far apart... before this.
But when we were in the Lifestream surrounded by all those screams of anguish, I thought I heard your voice...
...sniff... you probably don't remember this...
But deep in my heart I heard you calling my name... Or at least I thought I did...

Depending on Cloud's actions throughout the game, the dialogue continues differently.

If Cloud has favored Tifa...

Cloud
Yeah... At that time I heard you calling me.
You were calling me back from the stream of consciousness in the Lifestream.
After all, I promised. That if anything were to ever happen to you, I would come to help.

Tifa
Cloud...? Do you think the stars can hear us?
Do you think they see how hard we're fighting for them?

Cloud
I dunno... But...
Whether they are or not, we still have to do what we can. And believe in ourselves...
I'll find the answer someday. Right, Tifa?
That's what I learned from you when I was in the Lifestream.

Tifa
Yeah...... that's right...

Cloud
Hey Tifa...... I...... There are a lot of things I wanted to talk to you about.
But now that we're together like this, I don't know what I really wanted to say...
I guess nothing's changed at all... Kind of makes you want to laugh...

Tifa
Cloud... Words aren't the only thing that tell people what you're thinking...

Cloud
............

Cloud and Tifa spend the night on the ground beneath the airship, Tifa leaning against Cloud.

Cloud
............It's almost dawn...

Tifa
H, huh...?

Cloud
Sorry. Did I wake you...? It's almost dawn, Tifa.

Tifa
Umm... G, good morning... Cloud.
Give me a little longer... Just a little bit longer...

She leans back against him.

This day will never come again... So let me have this moment...

Cloud
Yeah... okay.
This is probably the last time we'll have together......

If Cloud has favored one of the others...

Cloud
I see......
I think I've heard about it, too.
At that time, it was Tifa's voice......

Tifa
Cloud...? Do you think the stars can hear us?
Do you think they see how hard we're fighting for them?

Cloud
I dunno... But...
Whether they are or not, we still have to do what we can. And believe in ourselves...
I'll find the answer someday. As long as I keep trying.

Tifa
Yeah...... that's right...

Cloud
We've got a big battle tomorrow, we'd better get some sleep...

Tifa
Umm. Yes, I guess you're right......

Cloud and Tifa spend the night on the ground beneath the airship, Tifa leaning against Cloud.

Cloud
............It's almost dawn...

Tifa
H, huh...?

Cloud
Morning, Tifa. It's almost dawn...

Tifa
Mmm...... Good morning, Cloud.
Give me a little longer... Just a little big longer...

She leans back against him.

This day will never come again... So let me have this moment...

Cloud
............

Later, some time after the sun has risen.

Tifa
.........

Cloud
We'd better go.

Tifa
But, I still...!?

Cloud
It's all right, Tifa. You said so yourself yesterday.
At least we don't have to go on alone.

Tifa
Yes... That's right!

Cloud
Okay! Let's go!

Together they return to the Highwind.

Tifa
The airship is too big for just the two of us.
Yeah, it's a little lonely without everyone.

Cloud
Don't worry. It'll be okay.
I'll make a big enough ruckus for everyone.
Besides, I'm the pilot.
No more flying around casually like before.
We won't have time to feel lonely.

Tifa nods. Suddenly the airship starts up.

Tifa
Huh!?

Cloud
It's moving......

They run to the bridge, where they find Cid and Barret at the controls.

Cloud
Barret! Cid!

Barret
O, oh...... is that okay with you?

Nanaki bounds up from the stairs.

Cloud
Nanaki!

Tifa
Why didn't you tell me!?

Nanaki
But, you know, Cid.

Cid
Hey, Nanaki.
If you butt in now, you never know what they'll say later......

Tifa
......Were you listening?

She runs off, embarrassed. Cloud turns away, scratching his head, and notices Vincent.

Cloud
Vincent!

Everyone turns to look. Vincent turns away.

Vincent
Why such a puzzled look?
You don't want me to come?

Cloud
No, it's just that you're always so cold. I thought you didn't care what was happening.

Vincent
Cool?
Hmm...... I guess that's just how I am, sorry.

He jumps over to his usual spot.

Barret
Well lookey-here. The Shinra Manager's come back.

Cait Sith
Uh, excuse me but...
I wanted to come with the main group, but I couldn't get away......
So some people in Midgar took me in.
I know I have a stuffed animal body, but I'll work really hard!

Barret
I guess that's everyone.

Nanaki
No, Yuffie's missing.

Barret
She ain't gonna show up.
'Least this time she didn't steal our materia. Guess we gotta be thankful for that.

Yuffie drops down from the ceiling and shakes her fist at him.

Yuffie
How could you say that!?
I came all the way here after being seasick as a dog!
I didn't go through all that just to have you guys have the best parts all to yourselves!

Cloud
Welcome back, Yuffie.

Yuffie
Gee, Cloud...... that's so nice of you to say that. ......You sick?
Well, whatever. I'm gonna be in my reserved seat in the hall...... waiting...... upp! ......Urk!

She runs out of the bridge.

Cloud
Thanks everyone.

Barret
We didn't come back for your spikey headed ass!
We came back for Marlene. Guess it's jes' my...... whatcha call, feelings or somethin'.
I, uh, I ain't got now words now......

Nanaki
......Although she's not here, she left us a window of opportunity...

Cid
We can't let it go like this.

Cloud
......Aeris.
She was smiling to the end.
We have to do something, or that smile will just freeze like that.
Let's all go together.
Memories of Aeris......
Although she should've returned to the planet by now, something stopped her and now she's stuck......
We've got to let go of Aeris's memory.

Cid
Has anyone here changed their mind?

Cloud
I'm counting on you, Cid.

Cid
Yeah, yeah......
There are 2 levers here that've been buggin' me for a while now...
Let me try them out.
All right, so what should I do?
You decide, Cloud.

Cloud
This is our last battle.
Our target is the North Cave. Our enemy is...... Sephiroth!
So let's move out!

Cid pulls the levers and the Highwind blasts off.

Cloud
We're almost to the North Cave! We're on our way, Sephiroth!

Cid
Man, I'm going to stick it to him!

A warning sounds.

Cloud
What is it, Cid?

Cid
Errrrggh! Some incredible force! Losing... control......!

Cid's crew runs over to help him.

Cid
Get the hell outta here, flunkies! Didn't I tell you all to go home!?

Crew
Yes, sir. This is our home!!

Cid
Oh ma--......stop trying to act so cool.
All right, you jokers! Hold me down with everything you got!!
Geronimo!!

< Midgar | The Highwind | Cosmo Canyon >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Cosmo Canyon - Bugenhagen's Farewell

Entering without Nanaki...

Gatekeeper
Bugenhagen seems rather down ever since he returned from that trip.
I'm worried something might happen to Bugenhagen now of all times...

With Nanaki...

Gatekeeper
Nanaki, it's really bad. Ever since Bugenhagen returned from that last trip, he doesn't seem well.
Why don't you hurry and see Bugenhagen?

Elder Bugah
Where is the Promised Land...? Maybe Bugenhagen knows.
Isn't Nanaki starting to notice? The reason why Bugenhagen sent him away from the canyon...

Kid in Nanaki's Room
He's finally come home, but Mr. Bugenhagen doesn't seem well...
I want to hear Mr. Bugenhagen's talk with Nanaki like we used to do...

Elder Hargo
I think Bugenhagen has foreseen it.
About the planet... About Nanaki... And, about himself...
But, Bugehnagen would never say that. All he says is 'Ho Ho Hoooo'...

In the living quarters next to the materia shop...

Kid
What's wrong with Bugenhagen? Is he sick?

Woman
No need to be sad, even if something should happen. Everything will return to the planet... Bugenhagen says so.
Just the thought of something happening to Bugenhagen... worries me.

Upon reaching the observatory, Nanaki runs ahead.

Nanaki
Grandfather!!

Cloud shakes his head and decides to leave Nanaki alone with Bugenhagen, who is lying on a couch on the second floor.

Nanaki
Grandfather!!

Bugenhagen
...Nanaki...? ...you're still...... here?

Nanaki
I can't leave you like this, grandfather...!
It's the duty of my... Seto's son, to guard this canyon and her people...

Bugenhagen
...listen, Nanaki. I think you may already know.
If you have any mission in life, it is not to defend this valley.
Look at the withering mountain grass. Listen to the warble of the new born chocobo's.
Look always to the eternal flow of time which is far greater than the span of a human life.
It will teach you more, than staying here in the valley...
What you will see will eventually become a part of life's dream.
For my children...... And for your children......
So please, Nanaki... Go with Cloud... And with your eyes... your ears...

Nanaki
.........

Bugenhagen
Ho Ho...... Hoooo. Now, now. Don't look like that. I'm all right.
It's a wide world and you must go out and see it... You may even find your life's mate. You never know.

Nanaki
Grandfather......

Bugenhagen
Oh yes... take this along. I think it will look good on you now.
Ho Ho......

He slumps back, and Nanaki starts. Fade to black.

Cloud is waiting at the Candle. He stands when Nanaki arrives.

Cloud
Nanaki... Is Bugenhagen...?

Nanaki
......
Grandpa told me that he's going away again!

Cloud
Away...?

Nanaki
It seems like he really liked that Airship.
He told me he couldn't stay still and just zipped out of here!
He even gave me a gift, look!

Received "Limited Moon"!

Nanaki
Wait a minute. Aren't you supposed to give gifts AFTER you come back?
Ha ha...... Grandpa sure is strange! Haa... ha ha...... ha......

He shakes his head.

Cloud
Hmm... So maybe we'll run into him again somewhere.

Nanaki
Yeah... maybe...
Thanks, Cloud......

Cloud shakes his head.

Gatekeeper
Bugenhagen is what keeps our hearts strong...

< The Highwind | Cosmo Canyon | Nibelheim >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Nibelheim - Memories of a Nightmare

At Tifa's house, Cloud picks out the melody of FF7's main theme on her piano.

Cloud
I've heard this melody somewhere before. Managed to play well...

Tifa
I have the sheet music for that song.
Huh? Wait a minute! There's something inside the music sheet.

Tifa,

What's happened to our town? Was it all an illusion, or just a dream? No, it was neither. I remember trying to get people out of the flames, but not having the strength... Burning with anger, I went to the reactor to kill Sephiroth.

But he was nowhere to be found. Instead, I found you, collapsed inside. I felt saving you was far more important than going after Sephiroth. There were several others that were still alive inside, but I was only able to save you.

As I was coming out of the reactor, Shinra troops were just arriving. I recall a scientist named Hojo was in charge. He ordered the troops to gather up everyone still alive for the experiment. I didn't know what type of experiment he was talking about, but I wasn't about to let them have my dearest student.

Putting you on my back, I headed down the mountain to the village. I used the Cure spell on you many times.

And started to head to Midgar to look for a doctor for you. I don't like that city, but my Cure spells weren't helping.

I decided to go to Midgar to find a doctor I could trust. I'm worried about you, but I can't settle down in one place for very long? Have you recovered fully? Are you well?

I wonder how many years have passed since then? I just got into town again, but I can't believe it... The whole town is back to normal, except for the strange beings with the black clothes all around...

The town reeks of Shinra, but I won't go after them. You may think I'm running from them, but it's just that I don't want anything to do with Shinra anymore. Feels like time is running out.

I'm sure you'll find this letter. And this gift for you. It should come in handy. I can't even jump anymore. But I hope you continue to sharpen your skills and remember what I taught you.

To my most precious student,
From Zangan

Received "Final Heaven"

Entering the basement library of the Shinra mansion triggers in Cloud a rush of memories...

Cloud and Zack are floating in the Mako chambers in the mansion's basement. A man comes in to feed them.

Man
Hey! This is your food.

When he opens Zack's chamber, Zack punches him and gets out. He helps Cloud out, retrieves his sword, and drags Cloud with him out of Nibelheim. Fade to black.

Zack
Oh, here!!
Put on this.
It smells a little though don't complain.
You look pretty good with that.
Well......

The scene fades in; Zack and Cloud, now both wearing a SOLDIER uniforms, are riding in the back of an old truck.

Zack
Yo! Old guy! We at Midgar yet?

Driver
Shaddap! You're lucky I even gave you a ride!

Zack sits back down beside Cloud.

Zack
What're you gonna do once we get to Midgar?

Cloud
.........

Zack
I know what I'm gonna do.
I got a place I can crash for a while...
No wait, the mother lives there, too...

He scratches his head.

Guess that's out...

Cloud
.........

Zack
Yep... gotta change my plans!
Hmm......
No matter what I do, I need some money first...
...Hey, wanna start a business? But what could we do?
Hey, Cloud.
Think there's anything I'd be good at?
Hey old guy!
What do you think I'd be good at?

Driver
What're you yappin' about? You're still young ain't ya?
Young folks should try everything!
You gotta pay your dues while you're young.
Go out and look for what you really want.

Zack
Try everything... That's easy for him to say...

He does squats for a minute.

HEY!
Of course!
I got a lot of brains and skill that other guys don't!
That settles it!
I'm gonna become a mercenary!
Yeah! Thanks pops!

Driver
Hey... didn't you even hear a word I said?

Zack
Listen, I'm gonna become a mercenary and that's that.
Boring stuff, dangerous stuff, anything for money.
I'm gonna be rich!
So, Cloud? What are YOU gonna do?

Driver
No, wait... you got it all wrong.

Cloud
u... uhhh......

Zack
Just kidding... I won't leave you hanging like that.

He sits down next to Cloud.

...We're friends, right?
Mercenaries, Cloud. That's what you an' me are gonna be.
Understand, Cloud?

Some time later, they come to a cliff, Zack dragging Cloud with him. Gunfire sounds from behind them, and Zack runs back to fight the soldiers. He can't fight them off and comes back, stopping by Cloud. The soldiers shoot him and he falls back. They shoot him again until he lies still, then turn to Cloud.

Shinra Soldier
What do you want to do with him?

Cloud
...Ah... ughhhh......

Commander
...Forget it. Just leave him.

They walk off, leaving Cloud behind with Zack's body. It starts to rain. Cloud manages to crawl over to Zack. He takes up his sword and throws his arms up to the sky. Before him is the city of Midgar.

< Cosmo Canyon | Nibelheim | The World >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

The World - Before the End
Midgar: Sector 5
Midgar: Sector 6
Kalm
Junon

At Midgar...

In Aeris's church...

Boy
They're purty!

Girl
Hey! Where's the flower lady?

Elsewhere in Sector 5...

Person Outside the Pipe
These folks went wobbling off somewhere...
They said something about the 'Reunion starting'... sounded almost like a chant. Wonder what the heck that meant.

Woman Walking Around
I'm not going to look up or down! From now on I'm just going to look straight ahead.
Maybe not. I'm just flapping my gums. I really wonder how things will turn out.

Person in Blue
What's going on with the world? When it's all said and done, we're all gonna wind up dead.

Man in Straw Hat
Yeah, that's right! But, even so, where could we move to now...?

Person in Blue
...You've been talking like that for sometime now.

Materia Shopkeeper
And I just got together enough money to get out of this place...
Now it doesn't matter where I go! Ho, ho, ho...

Inside a house...

TV
......ga...... g, ga ga..............

Kid
SOLDIER? What about them!?
Damn! If they really were from SOLDIER, they would be doing something about all this!!

Man Upstairs
The trick to bein' a real man, is not to fart around, but to let everyone know where you stand, right off!

Sector 6, the Honey Bee Inn...

Soldier
Heee, ...... The Shinra have occupied this shop!

Elsewhere...

Cat Kid
I wish I could live with a real cat.

Punk
We're not leavin' this city no matter what happens.

Man Outside Restaurant
It's a weird world we live in, so eat up and work hard.

Man Cooking Outside
I don't know what's gonna happen next, But first, you gatta fill your stomach.

Man Outside Dress Shop
Seems like everything has frills on it.

Weapons Owner
Oh, so you're back? I got something good for you. Why don't you buy it?

Cloud
You probably just found it lying around somewhere, right?

Weapons Owner
I'll admit that I found it, but you may never be able to get another one like it again.
How 'bout 129,000 Gil for it?

Cloud
...What kind of price is that?
- Oh, all right... I'll buy it
- No, I don't want it

Oh, all right... I'll buy it

Weapons Owner
Hey, much obliged. You'll never regret it!

Received "Sneak Glove"!

No, I don't want it

Weapons Owner
Hmm, that's too bad. This's really something.

At Kalm...

Redhead
Hey, listen to me! I heard the barrier protecting Sephiroth is gone!
But with Rufus dead, the Shinra troops don't know what to do. Heidegger and Scarlet don't have what it takes to lead the troops......
I really thought something was finally going to get done, but everything's the same... not a damn thing's changed!

Old Man
Ah, youth... You really believe that big meteor filling up the sky's going to fall here?
If Shinra, Inc was our last hope, and they've been beaten by terrorists...... Are we all going to die?

Inside the first house...

Woman
Dear, can you believe it!? They say that Shinra's gone under!!
This world is coming to an end all because those terrorists called AVALANCHE stuck their noses in the wrong place!

Inside the second house...

Old Man
If something ever happened to President Rufus, That'd be the end of Shinra, Inc...... and the rest of the world, too.

Back outside...

Man
The North Crater barrier's been demolished?
So now's the time to defeat Sephiroth.

In the bar...

Barkeeper
They say the remaining members of AVALANCHE broke Shinra's resistance and destroyed the Mako cannon at Midgar.
What's going to happen to the world...?

Person in Blue
I heard the remaining members of AVALANCHE smashed the Shinra troops at Midgar.
Lately, there's been a number of scary incidents. I hate it. Just hate it!

Inside the fourth house...

Old Man Upstairs
OH! It's "Guidebook"! Wanna trade it for this Underwater Materia?
How about it?

Cloud
- Trade
- Don't trade

Trade

Old Man Upstairs
Ok then, it's a done deal!

He goes over to retrieve the materia.

It's Underwater Materia. Go on, it's yours!

Don't trade

I dunno......

Old Man Upstairs
OH! It's "Desert Rose"! Wanna trade it for that Chocobo over there?
How about it?

Cloud
- Trade

Old Man Upstairs
Ok then, it's a done deal!

He snaps his fingers and a gold chocobo appears.

It's a Chocobo. Take it, it's yours!

Old Man Upstairs
OH! It's the Earth Harp! Wanna trade it for some Master Materia?
I'm not bein' stingy either! I'll give you all three of 'em!
How about it?

Cloud
- Trade

Old Man Upstairs
Ok then, it's a done deal!
It's a 3-piece Master Materia set... and it's all yours!
I guess it's time to go on a journey for the souls of my departed friends......

He walks out of the room.

In Upper Junon...

Soldier on the Path to the Airport
I finally got orders to join the Great Sephiroth Plan. I even get to go on the Gelnika too...
But, I'm just gonna ignore them. I wanna live to see the end of the world.
If I'm lucky... There'll be a good place for me in the New World.

< Nibelheim | The World | Northern Crater >

Back to Script



    Artwork
    Writing
    FF7 Script
    Translation
    Commission
    Contact

Northern Crater - The Settling of Everything
While Still On the Highwind
Descent into the Crater
Confronting Sephiroth
The Ending Sequence

Cloud and the others reach the Northern Crater. On the Highwind...

Barret
Heh heh...... heh heh heh... Time's got a way of sneakin' up on ya, huh?
I'm shakin' all over... Heh heh... I feel sick...

Tifa
Hey, Cloud... Would you tell me 'It's all right'?

Cloud
- Say it cool
- Say it normal
- Don't say it

Say it cool

Cloud strikes a pose.

Cloud
It's all right, Tifa.

Tifa
Now I feel like things are really going to be all right.
Thanks, Cloud.
I'm all right. I'm not going to chicken out at the last minute.

Say it normal

Cloud
...It's all right.

Tifa
You're right, things will be all right.
I'm... all right... really... I'll fight my hardest...

Don't say it

Cloud
...I just can't say it that easy.

Tifa
I'm sorry... I guess you're right.
......Wow. I guess... I am a little scared. My knees are trembling.

Nanaki
I am Nanaki, son of Seto... I am afraid of nothing...
It's all right, all right. I'm Nanaki, the son of brave Seto... I'm not afraid of Sephiroth...

Cait Sith
But I ain't gonna forget, no matter what happens.
Not about this here trip, or them folks--none of it!

Vincent
Cloud...... take the ship to the Northern Cave.
The time for flying is now past.
Our battlefield is now beneath the earth...
The gate to tomorrow is not the light of heaven, but the darkness of the depths of the earth......

Cid
You ever see the play 'LOVELESS'?

Cloud
- No
- Yes

No

Cid
Yeah, I figured someone like you wouldn't be much on plays.

Yes

Cid
Yeah? Really? Well, that's fine.
They've been doin' that play every summer since I was a kid.
An' I remember seein' it just once...
That was when I was in Midgar interviewing to be a pilot.
I had some free time and thought I'd catch the play.
Now, I'm no big fan of the theater or anything.
But this thing put me to sleep, just like I thought it would.
Finally during the last scene, the guy next to me woke me up tellin' me my snorin' was too loud.
So about all I really remember of that play is the end...
The sister of the lead asks her lover,
Do you really have to leave?
And the guy says,
I promised. The people I love, are waiting.
......I don't understand. Not at all. But...... please take care of yourself.
Of course... I'll come back to you. Even if you don't promise to wait. I'll return knowing that you'll be here.
I remember thinking when I heard those lines,
*&%! What the hell's he talkin' about? But, you know... now I'm not so sure...
I think I understand......

Cid
When this job's done, I'm landing the ship... yeah, that's what I'll do.

Yuffie
Cloud...... sign this.

Cloud
What is it?

Yuffie
It's a contract that says when the war is over, all the materia will belong to me.
It's all in there. Read it carefully and then sign it, all right?

Cloud
Forget it, I'm not even gonna read it.
Whenever I read, I get airsick.

Yuffie
Oh yeah......?
I'm the same way, so I can't say too much......
Damn! My plan failed. Let's pick on Nanaki later to let off steam.

Full Fledged Pilot
Cloud, what do you want to do?
- Go on
- Wait a minute

Crew Member
I wonder what everyone's going to do when this fight's over?
I wonder what's gonna happen to the Highwind...?

Cloud heads out to the deck.

Crew Member
Take care!

Cloud starts down into Northern Cavern.

Cloud
Looks like we can only slide down.
- Alright, let's go!
- We'll get prepared first

They slide down and begin their descent into the crater. At length they come to a fork in the path.

Cloud
The road splits into two. We'll split into two groups.

Cid
Which you gonna choose, Cloud?

Cloud
- Left
- Right

The others split up, too.

Cloud
Now don't any of you die on me.......
Gotta get through to Sephiroth!

Barret
Well...... Looks like this is our last big job!

He runs off.

Tifa
Let's all go back alive, okay?

She runs off.

Nanaki
All life on this planet, indeed the very life of this planet is in our hands...

He runs off.

Yuffie
Oh man... 'Materia Hunter Yuffie' sounds like the last chapter of 'Materia Forever.'

She runs off.

Cait Sith
I'm so happy to have met you all, really! ...sniff...

He runs off.

Vincent
It's all over now. With this...

He runs off.

Cid
I'll destroy that Sephiroth before anyone gets to him!

He runs off.

Cloud
This will be the end of it!

If Cloud attempts to go down the path he didn't choose, he will stop and say:

Cloud
We'll leave this to [name].

Cloud and his chosen party head off down one path. If they go left, they come to another fork.

Cloud
Another fork in the road...

They choose directions again.

Cid
Sephiroth's probably crapping his pants right about now...

Cloud
Wait! Sephiroth...

Cloud and his party reach a ledge very close to the bottom of the crater just ahead of the others.

Nanaki
Don't leave us, Cloud.

The others join Cloud at the bottom.

Cloud
This is the center of the Planet...?

Each member of the group which went down the opposite path has had something for Cloud until...

Barret
Here, Cloud.

Tifa
Cloud, look.

Nanaki
Cloud, I found this...

Cait Sith
Hey, Cloud, I found this.

Vincent
Hold on to this.

Yuffie
......... Wh... What?

Barret
Oh yeah, Yuffie, didn't you find somethin'?

Nanaki
By the way Yuffie, didn't you find something on the way?

Yuffie
Oh, all right.
Here, Cloud.

Received "Last Elixir"!

Yuffie
But I'm the one who found it, so you better give it back to me when you're done with it!

Barret
Awright, this's the last dance!

Tifa
This is it.

Nanaki
We finally made it here.

Cait Sith
Well, shall we get goin'?

Vincent
Hmm... Being with you all is not so bad.

Cid
Let's just get this over with!

Cloud
- Let's get going
- (No, not yet...)

Cloud
All right, everyone, let's mosey.

Cid
Damn! Again!
Stop sayin' it like a wimp!
Can't you say 'Move out!' or somethin'?

Cloud scratches his head.

Cloud
Move out!!

There are growling and hissing noises from above them.

Barret
What?

Nanaki
Look at the number...

Cid
%#@^! They're comin' out in full force!

Barret
Cloud! You go first!

Cloud
I'm fighting here too.

Barret
Shu'up! It won't do us no good wit' everyone back here!

Cid
Barret's right.
You take two of us with you and go first. The rest'll catch up with ya later.

Tifa
Is this like a practice run before the real thing?

Cait Sith
Yeah, a major practice run...

Yuffie
Heh heh, I'm fine with that. (It's probably more fun than fighting Sephiroth down there.)

Vincent
Hmm, this might be fun to pass time.

The growling gets louder.

Nanaki
They're coming! They're already on the floor next to us!

Barret
Cloud! Hurry up and make up your mind!

Cloud
All of you!
Later!

Barret
Yeah, later.

Cid
Yup! Later!

Cloud and his chosen party start down. They reach a more substantial platform farther down and look around.

Cloud
Where are we...?

There is a screeching noise.

Barret
What's that!?

Tifa
What!?

Yuffie
What! What!

Cloud
Jenova...!?
It's coming!!

A battle with Jenova ensues. After defeating her, the ground beneath them falls apart and they fall downwards into a bright blue light.

Cloud
Li...... ight...
A light...
Is this......
Is this light...... Holy?

They come to on stone platforms surrounding a caged Holy.

Barret
Oww... damn, man!

Cloud
Barret!?

Barret
What...? So everyone's together again...?

A pulse of energy goes through them all, lifting them into the air.

Everyone
Uuuugh...!!

Sephiroth appears in front of Holy.

Cloud
...Sephiroth!!

Another pulse of energy.

Barret
Ugh...! Is this...... the true power of Sephiroth?

Cid
My... my body... I can't control my body...... Uuugh!?

Another pulse.

Nanaki
My front legs...... my hind legs...... my tail's about to tear off!!

Cait Sith
This is definitely not good...... He's way outta our league...

Yuffie
I, I don't know if I can... go on...

A sharper pulse, and they all double over.

Tifa
Cloud... Cloud...

Cloud
Ugh... ugh...

Another pulse, and Cloud stops writhing.

Cloud
...there...
It's...... there...

Tifa
Cloud...?

Cloud
...Holy...... Holy... is there......
The Holy is shining......
Aeris's prayer is shining......!

Tifa
Holy...... Aeris......

Cloud
It's not over yet... This isn't the end yet!!

They prepare themselves for battle.

Cloud
- Let's go everyone...!
- Just one more time...!

One final pulse.

Everyone
Uuaaaahhhhhh!!

Barret
Not only Aeris...
Holy is the prayer of AVALANCHE...of Marlene and Dyne... And everyone on the planet!

Tifa
We're not gonna lose!!
Aeris is here... everyone is here... Cloud is here with us!
There's still many things for us to do... I'm not giving up!!

Nanaki
I'm going to see it through to the end. For our future... And that of the planet...
I understand now, Grandpa. This is my mission!
I won't let the Lifestream... or the Life of the Planet wither away!!

Yuffie
I don't like it!!
Maybe... maybe I shouldn't have come...
I don't need... materia...... any...
Nope, I still want it!! This an' that an' everything... MINE! And I'm never gonna give any up!!

Cait Sith
We're not losin'!!
Maybe we were a little late in noticing the trouble we were getting into...
But there's still time... We should be able to get out of it! Even if we can't get EVERYTHING back to normal!
We should be able to protect what's most important!!

Vincent
I was frozen in time... But now I feel as though my time is finally about to begin...!
Sephiroth, now it's your time to sleep between the ages!!

Cid
Hoo-ok......!
I can't be foolin' around in the bottom of this hell hole...
I still have lots of stuff to do with my life!

Cloud
Aeris's memories... Our memories...
We came... to tell you... our memories... Come Planet! Show us your answer!
And Sephiroth!! To the settling of everything!!

They fight Sephiroth, and after a long battle, finally defeat him.

Cloud
This is all we could do.

Barret
Wait! What about Holy? What's gonna happen to the Planet?

Cloud
That... I don't know. Isn't the rest up to the Planet?

Tifa
...You're right.
We've done all that we could do.

Cloud
All right, everyone.
It's no use thinking about it.
We'll leave all our worries here.
Let's go home proud.

They all start up the path. A flash of white, and Cloud stops.

Tifa
What happened?

Cloud
......I feel it...

Tifa
What......

Cloud
He is still...... here.

Cloud clutches his head.

Cloud
Still......

Tifa
Cloud!?

Cloud
He's... laughing...

Cloud's spirit tears away as his body collapses.

Tifa
Cloud!

Cloud is carried deep into the Lifestream to fight a duel with Sephiroth. Sephiroth, defeated, dissolves into the Lifestream, which then surrounds Cloud.

Cloud
.........Lifestream?

He holds out his hand, thinking he sees Aeris reaching down for him, but he soon comes back to reality to realize that it's Tifa's hand, and the ground is crumbling beneath his feet. The rock gives way beneath Tifa, but Cloud catches her and manages to grab hold of the ledge.

Cloud
......I think I'm beginning to understand.

Tifa
What?

Cloud
An answer from the Planet...
the Promised Land...
I think I can meet her...there.

Tifa hesitates, her expression wistful, and then she closes her eyes and leans her head against Cloud.

Tifa
Yeah, let's go meet her.

Cloud helps Tifa up to the ledge, and they pull themselves up.

Cloud
Hey, where is everyone?

They both turn to look at the ledge across from them, where the others are gathered.

Barret
Heeeey!

Tifa (waving)
I'm glad you're all safe!

Barret (turning to Cid)
They all seem to be safe, too.
But...now what're we going to do?

Nanaki
Holy should be moving soon
and that means this place will...

Cid
Oh, Lady Luck don't fail me now...

As Cid looks up, his mouth drops open and his cigarette falls from it. Everyone looks up to watch the Highwind come crashing down, Lady Luck painted on its side. Once they are all on board, Holy bursts from the crater, bringing them with it. The Highwind starts coming apart.

Cid
Shit!!

Cid reaches for an emergency lever and pulls it. The Highwind transforms into a plane and flies away from the crater.

Meanwhile, in a house in Kalm, Marlene looks up from where she is sitting at a table.

Marlene
The flower girl?

Going to the window, she looks west towards Midgar. Meteor is bearing down on the city, a violent storm beneath it wreaking havoc upon Midgar. Holy rushes in from the north, trying to shield the city, but Meteor pushes through.

Back on the Highwind...

Barret
Wait a damn minute!
What's going to happen to Midgar?
We can't let that happen!

Cait Sith
I had everyone take refuge in the slums,
but the way things are now...

Nanaki
It's too late for Holy.
Meteor is approaching the Planet.
Holy is having the opposite effect.
Forget Midgar,
we've gotta worry about the Planet.

They stand around anxiously, watching helplessly. Suddenly, Tifa spots something.

Tifa
What's that!?

They all turn to look as tendrils of the Lifestream come up out of the earth.

Barret
What the hell IS that......?

Cloud
......Lifestream.

As more of the Lifestream comes up, the people of Kalm sense something and open up their windows.

Marlene
It's coming.

The Lifestream converges on Midgar. A blinding light flashes over the Planet, and everyone flinches. And, somewhere, Aeris lifts her head and smiles.

Five hundred years later...

Nanaki, his mane bedecked with a full eight feathers, is running through a canyon with two cubs trailing behind him. He leads them up to the top of a rise, and the three of them look down upon Midgar, which is by now overrun with vibrant green vegetation.

< The World | Northern Crater

Back to Script

